We then set up a Commissioners' group under President Prodi to make a thorough analysis.
The European Parliament's support in relation to the development cooperation instrument and the environment and natural resources climatic strategy will be critical, and from this point of view I want to express gratitude for your engagement and support.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. - (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, Minister, two crucial elements have led the European Parliament to review its legislation on the safety of toys: the significant number of toys presenting safety problems that were recalled a year ago, and the studies demonstrating the impact of chemical substances on children's health.
Have limits been placed on the number and length of the nets which can be used at each tide?
Mr President, the former Yugoslavia and Bosnia-Herzegovina are really an open wound in the EU's conscience.
We also need to encourage research into more efficient aircraft engines and more effective air traffic management.
In fact, the golden share has been in the past and continues to be a barrier to the creation of genuinely European public services companies.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, our debate today marks a fork in the road between two crucial principles.
More credit should be provided for smaller-scale projects.
You advocate strengthening coordination between national policies.
I have in fact examined the report by the Committee on Budgets in great detail and I have asked the Legal Service to give its opinion.
This argument is sometimes still used but in slightly different forms.
It has become abundantly clear that we need monitoring systems, but above all that we need to guard against the causes of woodland decline.
We now have experience from a number of Council constellations.
It is very pleasing for me to hear so many people in support of our intentions here.
What I can say - as I cannot give you promises I cannot keep - is that we will do our best to accelerate the procedure for a new regulation and also for the implementation of the basic regulation for the reform in order to give the Member States some competences regarding technical measures.
That is too few and we need to increase that number.
I would ask you, Mr President, to issue a press release making it clear that we will not allow ourselves to be taken hostage by opponents of the EU, disinformation merchants, those who play the blame game or rabble-rousers, and that this Constitution reinforces the public’s fundamental rights, strengthening Parliament, and, through Parliament, the citizens, democracy and transparency.
Some legislation that has been adopted has not been implemented and other legislation has been subject to derogations, moratoria and, even worse, numerous voids and grey areas.
In my view, this is much more related to the whole culture of entrepreneurship, the fact that people over there are used to taking initiatives, that it is not of such major concern to fail once, to go bankrupt once and start again.
For closed infringement procedures, the Commission has reviewed its practices and, in principle, documents have now been made available.
Hence the transmission.
I would like to add that designations of origin and geographical indications constitute an integral component of intellectual property, according to the World Intellectual Property Organisation.
It can be done; the technology is there.
Other options for Europe will include the use of coal with clean technologies and, in the long term, of hydrogen.
(The sitting was adjourned at 12.25 p.m. and resumed at 12.30 p.m.)
I therefore believe that the Council, Commission and Parliament must find an arrangement that gives our assistants security but which, as I said, takes account of this Parliament' s specific working conditions, which it did not set for itself, and which enables Members to make arrangements under the laws of the Member State where they were elected or to use an arrangement that does equal justice to their manner, structure and style of work and to the legitimate social interests of our assistants.
The Council is striving to achieve this and is encouraging Member States to do so because it would be a great weight off the shoulders of small and medium-sized enterprises and would greatly improve their liquidity.
We need a policy that promotes the development and improvement of public railway transport systems in our countries.
Parliament's opinion, which I hope will be adopted today, is a good starting point for the work to be carried out in the Council and I hope that the European institutions will be able to deliver the new regulation shortly, in the interests of our fishermen and of fisheries and the marine environment of the Mediterranean.
achieve growing bilateral benefits for an ever-increasing number of citizens
Mrs Anneli Jäätteenmaki
We welcome the inclusion of our proposals, which highlight the importance of social housing and which attach priority to resolving the 'homeless' problem in the housing policies of the Member States.
I would like to wish both the Hungarian Presidency and the Polish Presidency, which will begin in the second half of 2011, the same success.
This will be quite a challenge for the European Parliament.
I will not be supporting this report.
All decisions must bear in mind both absolute and relative figures together with regional differences in farming structures.
I for one would feel it wrong for this House to try to look at this matter in a hurry, which seems to be the proposal being put forward by Mr Barón Crespo.
Forgeries are big business.
In 1996, the Commission proposed the ecological water directive, which did not amount to more than five pages, however.
I am therefore voting in favour.
These are not interinstitutional posts but Commission posts for which the Commission itself is the appointing and decision-making body.
The first concerns methodology. The European Parliament is fully aware of the importance of national ownership with regard to the matters under discussion.
It is regrettable that the heaviest cuts to the current negotiating box fall on precisely that heading which most supports Lisbon-related policies.
in writing. - (PT) The fisheries sector has been one of the sectors that has suffered most from the current energy crisis.
We have close ties with Iceland.
However, video games are no longer targeted only at children as an ever-increasing number of them are designed specially for adults.
Mrs van Dijk can be sure that I will take careful note of what she wants - I think I feel very close to the positions she herself maintains - and I hope I will be able to give her an answer here, in this House, or in the Committee on Institutional Affairs, when this matter is back on the agenda of the Intergovernmental Conference in April.
It is not arms that are at issue here, but the European Security and Defence Policy.
I support the European Commission's idea of creating a European market monitoring system.
We would then be confronted with the familiar problem of who should benefit from these orders and from being paid to build the boats.
Nuts, as the Commissioner knows, are a crop grown in parts of southern Europe, in arid and semiarid areas, where there are often few alternatives to dry farming.
The proposal did not do enough to protect the welfare of animals and because of the way it was drafted was difficult to amend.
Workers from the eastern part of the European Union are not engaged in and do not want social dumping.
The National Alliance delegation is particularly pleased that this was expressed by our House, considering it a natural conclusion of the passage through Parliament that it precisely sought with its two political initiatives on this topic: the written declaration of 14 January 1998 and the subsequent motion for a resolution of 20 May 1998.
This arises from Articles 13 and 19 and the communication of 14 September 2004 of the International Liaison Committee of Coalitions for Cultural Diversity distributed by Unesco itself.
I consider this report very topical, as it analyses the current situation and seeks to identify solutions that would support the rural areas and islands of Europe.
My name is Lis Jensen.
It should be open to vessels from any Member State which are capable of steaming long distances and fishing the stocks concerned.
Once again, I understand that Parliament wants a different basis for this framework decision on the accreditation of forensic laboratory activities.
In its relations with third countries the Commission will make every effort to recall the necessity to sign and ratify the statute as swiftly as possible.
Finally, a question to the Commissioner.
With regard to sugar, the situation is as follows: We have pledged, also to this House, that we will undertake a study of competition in the sugar industry this year and that depending on the findings, the Commission will then exercise the option included in the extension of the common organisation of the market in sugar: we can utilise the review clause which it contains and then make further proposals in line with this clause.
It notes that certain projects that have benefited from financial support from the Community budget have no demonstrable link with information policy activities.
It is important to say that this report was preceded by a much wider debate, not only here in Parliament, but also with a wide range of national, regional and local entities, operating in different phases of disaster management.
Finally, if the suffering of animals rightly rouses our emotions, then even more so should that of little children, little children murdered in their mother's womb, little Iraqi children killed in genocide, Chinese children delivered into slavery, for the greater profit of world capitalism.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, seven years after the Barcelona Conference that launched the Euromed partnership, the European Parliament has an opportunity, through Mr Piétrasanta's report, to take stock of MEDA, this policy's financing instrument.
It started with an initiative that in its entirety openly challenges the United Nations conventions and their framework, although it then tries to circumscribe its aims.
The Commission and the Council have specifically stressed the importance of this agreement on closures, so I find it all the more amazing that the rapporteur has simply ignored this, instead of stepping up pressure on these states.
Yet the fact is that over-cautiousness about possible infringements of fundamental freedoms - particularly freedom of expression and freedom of religion - actually erodes the resources we need in order to fight terrorism.
I therefore believe that a European strategy for the protection of the children's interests in the area of international adoption procedures is necessary in order to avoid and prevent abduction and the sale and trafficking of human beings.
The Irish presidency of the Council of Ministers of the European Union began on 1 July.
These discussions focused on the workings of the EU economy and how best to stimulate growth by increasing investment and undertaking structural reforms.
This being the case, discharge from the use of resources is now only a formality, rather than Parliament scrutinizing the appropriate use of funds in connection with acceptance of the general budget.
To support Bulgaria's efforts in this direction, the Commission has now and henceforth agreed to relax the agricultural conditions permitted under the PHARE programme - ECU 7m - in order to increase sowing for the 1997 harvest.
This is a new technology, so incentives are essential, as for any new and promising technology.
However, having heard about this concern, the committee decided to remove part of item 2 of the article that deals with charging.
In a commendable turn, the relevant Parliamentary report proposes issuing free emission quotas to the 10-12 experimental power plants, instead of giving direct financial support.
We heard Mrs Barthet-Mayer say that maize has no cousins.
That is what security, efficiency and thrift dictate.
As I have already said, the role of the national courts must be to ensure, on the basis of the fundamental rights clause, that the fundamental rights of our citizens are not infringed.
Mr President, in July 2003, following, in fact, a request by the then President of our Parliament and Vice-President Onesta, the French authorities were obliged to stipulate that the rules that apply to visits by Members of the French Parliament and Senators also apply to Members of the European Parliament.
He will know of course that under current legislation Member States do reserve the right to stipulate the proportion of nationals who are appointed to offices in certain categories of shipping.
Part II
It says that the reference value consists of the average inflation of the three best performing Member States in terms of inflation.
Mr President, Mr Brok's report, which, as usual, is very carefully drafted, has come just at the right time, a time when we need some pointers for where the common foreign and security policy is heading.
Imported tobacco would be used.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start by offering my thanks to all my fellow Members who worked on this directive and on the compromise under debate today.
Without a common energy policy, there will be no recovery or growth.
Will it be a matter of political pride, however, if we are unable to admit such a thing?
(Applause) This brings me to my third point.
Patients and anyone interested should be able to find accurate, unbiased information about having a healthy lifestyle, the prevention of illness and specific diseases and on the various treatment options.
Does this not entail the danger that Google may be depriving publishers of the freedom to establish their own publishing policy, and authors of potential earnings?
At the same time there were developments taking place in the international system for marks with the setting up on the one hand of the Stockholm Agreement, which amended the Madrid Agreement above all by setting up the World Industrial Property Organization with its head office in Geneva with a number of registration offices allowing for a certain degree of international collaboration and a certain efficiency in international mechanisms which did not exist previously.
For the information to be fully exploited we have to remember that learning is also a social event.
   I would like to say a few words regarding Ján Slota's announcement about adopting a principle of zero tolerance towards Roma people, because all summer I have been thinking about how important it is for us to finally talk about the insults being cast at the Roma.
This is in the interest of the stability of the whole European Union.
This Amendment No 43 opens up every opportunity for different types of new technology once we obtain them and once they are approved.
I would like the Commissioner to clarify whether she is referring to the entire Amendments or to just a certain section, when she says that the Commission does not accept Amendments Nos 16 and 23.
It is in the interest of all of us that the take-up of this programme be good.
The Greek judicial authorities responded to the last accident by initiating criminal proceedings, inter alia for infringement of Presidential Decree 70/90 concerning the health and safety of workers engaged in shipbuilding and ship repair work.
There do need to be changes to the European Arrest Warrant, but fundamentally it has been a success.
No, that is not the reason, either.
We pointed out that this was only a first step in the right direction, while awaiting a more fundamental simplification, especially as the reliability of the Intrastat statistics is unfortunately inversely proportional to the costs that are borne by the 450 000 firms that have to supply the data.
But consumers do not know that and perhaps they should not know that.
For the European Union, we remain determined to work towards a diplomatic solution on the basis of our double-track approach, combining pressure with dialogue.
Thank you.
But the answer in short is Yes, it can be established that there is a legal base where this could be undertaken.
That is a message that we must convey.
Clearly, there will be times during the debate when technical, specific points need to be discussed - we have no objection to that - but the beginning and end of the debate are a matter for all of us, not just some of us.
An independent evaluation is needed for otherwise we have no guarantees that the money has been spent properly.
(DE) Madam President, Commissioner, Mr President-in-Office, I should like to express my thanks for this report and remind the House that the CE mark of the European Union means that a product complies with European standards of quality and reliability.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
in writing. - I support this report which takes up the serious problem of female genital mutilation.
They should be unacceptable in a European Union that prides itself on being based on the protection of human rights.
In 2015 this ratio will be in the order of two to one, or even more unfavourable in certain Member States.
In the wake of the Canadian conference the EU Member States must now ratify the Ottawa Treaty, implement its provisions as soon as possible and urge the USA, Russia, China and India to do the same.
Mrs Wallis has already referred to the reaction in the United Kingdom, for example.
Credit-rating agencies are referred to in this particular in the Rasmussen report.
Mr President, I shall be no more of a royalist than Mr Goebbels or Mr Lipietz, and I will therefore be supporting Mr Trichet's appointment on the basis of his professional skills.
Furthermore, I support the safety regulations that allow weapons to be carried only in the hold and only in exceptional cases with consent issued by the state at the time.
Questions which have not been answered for lack of time will receive written answers (see Annex).
But I believe that Slovenia has deserved, by its efforts so far, to be received into the European Union as soon as possible.
Fourthly, there is the balance between international standards and establishing new relationships between the WTO and other international organisations.
We support the statement that Mr López Garrido gave us this morning.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have been negotiating now for nearly five years, and we cannot continue any longer in a situation where the Council leads Parliament a dance like a bear with a ring through its nose in a circus arena.
If it is Europe that has to be the base for the decisive campaign against terrorism, that has to do with the fact that terrorism will spread – as it has done in recent weeks – for as long as the problem in the Middle East is no closer to a solution – a solution which, it must be conceded, can be arrived at only step by step.
I repeat my question: must good conditions give way to inferior ones?
Nevertheless, not all the wishes of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development would manage a majority today; we know that.
The response was negative and the reasoning absurd.
That policy should focus not on new regulatory barriers, but rather on obtaining a genuinely open energy market.
As the Council has approved the regulation containing the general rules on Structural Funds, it is incumbent on each Member State to inform the Commission of those areas it regards as being in difficult circumstances, as long as they meet the requirements laid down in the regulations concerned.
Given that this point, Commissioner, is, if you will pardon the expression, the weakest in the document, and recognising that with in the current financial perspective there is no easy solution to it, I would ask you to make a clear statement about this in your speech.
So the weak suffer with the strong.
The number of public executions has increased.
We all know that the crisis in the textile sector is due mainly to delocalization, increased imports, lower consumption due to unemployment and a drop in incomes, but also to significant delays as regards training, research and equipment modernization.
I do not understand this.
The negotiations for a draft text of the statute of the court are of historic significance, and the world community has a particular responsibility to make use of the momentum generated over the past few years.
But we must also examine carefully how this area, focused on manual work, can be defined and delimited.
With the common agricultural policy, we are to a certain degree creating a source of jobs throughout the EU that is independent of the size or the form of the undertaking.
We must involve them, and then the Centre will be able to perform a genuinely effective and productive part - and we must monitor this - in the fight against drugs.
In conclusion, the Commission can accept in principle Amendment No 1, first part, Amendment No 5, first part, Amendment No 27, second part and Amendment No 28, second part.
We in the Committee on Transport and Tourism were therefore all the more taken aback by the outcome of the voting in the Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy, because all that remains of these various transport projects is aeronautics.
It should be remembered that the start of pay television was also the start of a flourishing industry in commercial piracy which, by providing users with pirate equipment, caused huge losses to the service providers and hindered the development of this emerging sector.
That is what it is all about, preserving our traditions, our cultures, our future talents, our young people seeking to express themselves. We must preserve them so that those young people can continue to express themselves in the future.
However, it will probably be the corporations, rather than the people, which will benefit from this, and many of them will not even be owned by nationals.
Thereafter, they may, if occasion should arise, fall within either the Third Geneva Convention, which applies to legal combatants, thereby affording them status and protection as prisoners of war, or within the Fourth Geneva Convention, which applies to civilians.
Therefore, we must reform the sugar industry.
In the past, such actions have resulted in military action.
We do not understand why some amendments are inadmissible.
We know, as I mentioned in the question, that COREPER urged the Commission, which is to say the Interim Commission, to submit a proposal.
Parliament has not been able to make up its mind to decisively reject the use of Galileo for military purposes.
Where are the solar plants in the tropics?
In that way, consensus might be achieved at the preparatory phase, and there would subsequently be no anger of the kind now given rise to by, for example, court judgments on past actions.
I think that - fortunately - he is quite right about that.
How many women will there be in the crisis management bodies and the security and conflict-prevention political committee?
The vote will take place on Wednesday at 11.30 a.m.
Following the intensive work and efforts carried out, the time has come to stop and think: what have we achieved?
Unfortunately, woefully few Member States have invested 3% of their GDP in research.
Indeed, unlike compulsory schemes, voluntary top-up schemes are not subject to any rules; it is the law of the market-place, of business geared to profit, which is applied to them.
We have been squabbling for years about the Commission proposal to adjust car tax.
There is to be transparency with regard to costs and returns and we must remove the barriers to mobility across borders.
This is where our criticism begins, and for the most part the Council also sees it the same way.
The Union is co-initiator of this roadmap and therefore cannot rest on its laurels in the fact of the daily attempts by Sharon's Government to destroy this slim chance of peace, in the belief that the current host in the White House will always understand its reasons.
Above all, from a transport viewpoint, we believe that a path has now been clearly marked out.
This also applies to charges on cross-border transfers.
Furthermore, Iceland's banking system hit the ground (culminating with acquisition by the government of Glitnir Bank) and the UK Government announced further money infusion (GBP 200 billion) in its economy.
Europe must continue to do its part; we cannot take a different path: we must give continuity to our work and our commitment.
As regards the establishment of a European public prosecutor, we are opposed to such a move because there is no supranational cooperation on matters of criminal law.
The key is to reinvest debt repayments in indebted nations to meet those millenium goals for hunger and disease.
The Member States that have stopped short of this just have to make haste.
The set of measures adopted by the Commission on 1 September in this field bodes well with this approach.
This should first of all stand for better service.
I believe that partnerships that enable the modernisation of universities, especially those that promote better education and qualifications for individuals, are essential for increased European competitiveness.
There is no convincing or compelling reason for these further burdens to be placed on this important sector of our economic production.
Finally, I urge the need for citizens to be able to resolve their problems relating to the application of European law quickly and at minimum cost.
I do not believe that this is the right course.
Madam President, I wonder how many people in this Chamber have had an idea for a new business, raised the money themselves at their own risk and successfully run that business for 20 more years and generated jobs and wealth.
The Commission therefore rejects Amendment No 49.
This is one hundred per cent a job for NATO.
With regard to air transport, in 2003 we will concentrate our action on external relations, including the mandates for renegotiation of open skies agreements, which is an extremely urgent matter, beginning with the agreements with the United States.
Serbia refuses to tolerate any involvement in its supposedly "internal' affairs in Kosovo.
In that way, Europe seeks to help the regions concerned to get to grips with structural change and overcome high unemployment.
We must not lose the momentum created by recent major changes in Africa, whose leaders took the initiative to extricate the continent from poverty and marginalisation, with ownership as a guiding principle.
They do not want, and they do not accept, the idea of civil society.
On the other hand, the Commission states that when it issued a call for an expression of interest in order to establish the conditions needed in order to set up a public-private partnership, several European industrial consortia responded to this, without reference to any further problems.
in writing. - (DE) It should now be clear to everyone that the documents submitted in approval procedures are often embellished and that there are no long-term findings.
This will bring new opportunities for economic growth and employment.
the seriousness of the prospect of there being 'liaison officers who are dispatched by the various Member States' without any monitoring by the police authorities;
(EL) Madam President, Madam Commissioner, I was one of the first, if not the first, to ask this question before the November issue came up, and before the announcement.
This, at least, is our view.
Many of them, however, are still capable of various kinds of work and can remain active on the labour market.
This is our challenge in searching for a model for European civilisation for the 21st century, based on the values we so like to express here, and that we, through the European Union, must transform into reality.
The European Union has been incapable of playing a significant, decisive role in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Stricter quality is now being enforced – I have nothing against stricter quality – and Parliament would like to extend the directive's scope to include all forms of recreation.
I am convinced that only a strategy of zero tolerance will succeed.
Do we need more information in order to understand that we are living in an absurd world?
The Commission will take account of Parliament's requests in drawing up the annual reports, starting with 1996-97 report, which is currently under way.
The highest standards are required of any nuclear installation.
It is practised in the world's largest democracies such as the USA, Japan and India and is supported by tens of millions of citizens in my country, the UK.
I would like to assure the Commissioner of my personal support for the efforts he is making in order to overcome the Council's opposition, and would like to emphasize several points relating to the package being presented to us here today.
Mr President, last Monday the Socialist Group tried to include a motion for a resolution in the agenda of this plenary sitting which would have highlighted the 50th anniversary of the Geneva Conventions, demonstrated the commitment of the European Parliament to the principles of international humanitarian law and expressed our support for the International Committee of the Red Cross.
Financial journalism contributes to one of the key objectives of the directive, that is to ensure market transparency.
It is also our priority to ensure that the privacy of people who provide biometric data is protected.
In future we expect Europe to introduce its moral values and priorities into the regulation of the financial markets.
After all, fraud and the poor management and waste of these resources undermine Europe's credibility in the eyes of its citizens.
President.
If this is to be the way ahead, we do not need Parliament.
Who is passing it on to whom?
This process, of course, comprises several stages - heat treatment, simultaneous pressurizing and also acid curing.
Madam President, the MAI treaty is a real weapon of war against peoples, countries and states.
You know that we have prosecuted whenever UCLAF has suspected fraud.
I want to tell you that your revisited project is extremely interesting.
Mr President, Nigeria is a huge African country which, since the end of military dictatorship in 1999, has been struggling to accomplish modern-day democratic reforms.
This is to ensure that consumers receive appropriate information about the CO2 emissions of new passenger cars.
Mr President, the report from the European Commission and the report by Mr Gasòliba I Böhm clearly emphasize that we are making preparations for using the opportunities of globalization and of European integration to favour growth, investment and employment, and to contribute to an increase in prosperity and social justice in the European Union.
I therefore endorse this report by Mr Cashman, which supports the thrust of the Commission’s proposal aimed at communitarising the management of external borders, with a view to ensuring the same standards and the same conditions of entry for third-country nationals are complied with across the board when controls take place.
Friends of both Israel and Palestine want to see each other living comfortably side by side but it takes statesmanship to achieve that and not belligerence.
Because the State' s finances have been completely undermined, neither State employees nor pensioners receive their payments on time.
In the meantime, Parliament is busy debating minor issues together with the possibility of broadening its competences.
A year ago, under Luxembourg’s Presidency, we set ourselves the task of giving the Lisbon Strategy for growth and employment new impetus.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
It talks about direct and total bans on certain substances without basing them on scientific findings, or without taking account of known scientific findings, as is customary with the precautionary principle.
I am very pleased also that we can welcome you here today, Mr President, to acknowledge the role which your country has played in bringing all of us in Europe to this point in our integration and re-integration.

During my days and nights in Belgrade, I sensed that the people there wish to be released at last from the stifling atmosphere and the repression of the Milosevic regime.
The Commission has already successfully got the necessary legal instrument through the Council of Ministers, based on Article K 3(2 b), for the implementation of these two budgetary lines.
16.
The reasons are straightforward and relate primarily to the paragraph of the report which covers the House of European History.
Commissioner, you know how much I enjoy our discussions and debates.
Someone affected by these problems cannot fail to question whether Europe for the European citizens really exists.
All but two Member States send victims of the trafficking in women back to their countries of origin, in spite of the possibility that their lives may be in danger.
Initiatives aimed at increasing cooperation between authorities in different Member States are to be welcomed as a vital tool in the battle against hooliganism.
   Mr President, this text expresses many good intentions against violence towards women.
The real tragedy is that friction has been generated.
But, to be honest, it is not enough.
What irritates European Union citizens are cases like that of Keith Cottingham, in the United Kingdom, a suspected letter-bomb murderer - accused of murdering a housewife, Barbara Holmes - who, for the last 14 years has been living in Spain.
To explain why I feel so strongly about biofuel policy, what we have in transport is: firstly, more efficient cars - and in this House there have been some very tough debates on cars; secondly, there is modal shift, but people still prefer in a lot of cases to use the car; and the third is replacement with alternative fuels - one of the alternative fuels is biofuel, but we should take into account that it is produced on the land that could also produce food products, so that is why I believe that although this measure is positive - and it is very clearly positive - all the necessary precautions need to be taken.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to point out that I voted against, although in error I voted for - and I give official notification of that - the report on terrorism.
The old chestnut of harm reduction is only the pebble that sets the landslide rolling.
For this reason, we place special emphasis on prevention; this explains our Day for the Eradication of Poverty on 17 October, as Mrs Záborská has pointed out.
Further, they must satisfy us that they are capable of complying with it. Things will go badly both for them and for the present Members if that is not the case.
This will be an important subject in the future FTA negotiations with Ukraine.
This alone represents more than 60% of the global initial UN appeal.
Yet this right is sacred.
This is an opportunity to set an example not only to Member States but also to the often criticized executive controls and the rightly criticized system of audit implementation in the Member States.
It is basically up to the United Nations Security Council to decide on the situation.
It is obvious from the testing that has been taking place, at least in my own country, that all of the younger animals and animals over 30 months that have been tested are not in any way reacting positively to the test.
The pragmatic approach the EBRD brings to the interpretation of its mandate also features prominently in the report.
I consider this an unacceptable oversight and I therefore refer this question to you specifically.
If it is the case, as was quite usual in Germany - and as can easily be proven - that Germany may well approve legislation, especially in the environmental area, but does not then transpose it into national law or does not check observance of the provisions, then that too is an offence against transparency and I would ask you, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, to do something about that too.
Similarly, ensuring in the future a more balanced distribution of the CDM (clean development mechanisms) investments in favour of the LDCs should also be part of the current reflection on the reform of this mechanism.
If 40 years of embargo have not helped to do this, I believe we should abandon any tactical approach of this sort.
They do, of course, sometimes emphasise different aspects, but on many counts they are striving towards the same objectives.
In conclusion I am hopeful that the European Parliament will restore the appropriations cut by the Council and I am confident that our ongoing negotiations between the three institutions will be constructive and that we will achieve a satisfactory outcome to this budget procedure.
Thank you, Commissioner.
Any contribution towards getting specific local projects off the ground will be welcome.
The Commission’s proposal runs counter to the Lisbon Strategy.
Commissioner, this is an extraordinary situation that requires extraordinary measures.
(RO) The Eastern Partnership initiative is especially important and a set of instruments needs to be implemented as quickly as possible to facilitate its application.
Finally to our old friend: the country-of-origin principle.
It must in no circumstances permit either reproductive cloning or research aimed at modifying the human genetic inheritance.
In conjunction with five Swedish municipalities, the Swedish National Food Administration has taken some 40 samples of imported meat preparations, approximately one third of which tested positive for salmonella.
We said this again this morning, with our vote on the Florenz report.
an Eastern Neighbourhood assembly ('Euroeast'), with the participation of the European Parliament, should be created on the same lines as the Euromed and EuroLat assemblies with a view to implementing the ENPI in the countries of eastern Europe, namely Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Moldova, Ukraine and Belarus.
Our current legislation on chemicals prevents new and better chemicals from coming onto the market, because it supports a situation where it is possible and cheaper to use old chemicals.
All matters relating to Baltic policy will in the future be EU-Russia policy.
The world economy requires skills, flexibility, availability and knowledge of languages.
We have had some real progress in some parts of the package - including, during the Belgian Presidency, my own report on beneficiaries of international protection - but clearly these are just the side elements of the asylum package.
We are aware that in many cases we have not achieved everything we might wish, but we firmly intend to continue in future with the same determination.
Therefore, it requires due recognition and support from the European institutions, the Member States, local and regional authorities and various members of civil society, each according to their individual expertise.
The European countryside faces big changes.
Is she willing or ready to do anything about it as regards the introduction of a law?
We have worked hard to achieve it and of course nothing would have been possible without the cooperation and the excellent work of the rapporteur, Mr Gil Robles, and the Committee on Constitutional Affairs.
This could be evaluated and then we could decide whether to proceed.
The truth should therefore be told in its entirety: the truth about Italy's ability and willingness to welcome, protect and safeguard the rights of migrants who take part in and are victims of this trafficking is so glaringly obvious and well documented that it is not necessary for me to uphold it.
The Slovakian Government as well as the Slovak Central Bank are well aware that meeting crucial criteria, not in the short term but in the medium and long terms, will be a demanding task.
Secondly, did I hear you say that the current proposals also fully accord with the new package you and Commissioner Piebalgs have presented?
Regarding contractual relations, the Council stated that the commencement of talks on a Stability and Association Pact, which is a new type of bilateral agreement that the Union is offering the countries of South-East Europe, would be discussed on the basis of a report by the Commission when Croatia has met the relevant conditions.
The amendments would create too broad a scope and would eliminate all the elements of flexibility contained in the Commission proposals.
This will bring us, together, a good way further ahead.
A doctor was not allowed to attend to a bleeding man on the street until this man had bled to death.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, in 1918 independent Montenegro took a voluntary decision to unite with the neighbouring states of Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Slovenia.
We have to deliver concrete results and we have to show consistency.
Next, I would just like to say a few words about the crisis. This is a message to you, Mr Barroso, since you are the one setting up another reflection group (there are many, but a new one is perhaps welcome), notably on the link between the financial crisis and the environmental crisis.
At a time when petrol prices in Europe have doubled and citizens in Europe and people around the world are ever more concerned about the effects of climate change, it is clear that we need new hope for future fuels.
Because each and every country is slowly waking up to the reality that one size does not suit all in the eurozone, and neither now will one citizenship.
Outside help will also be needed to regain law and order.
Naturally we voted against this rapport.
I look forward to the forthcoming survey of staff needs.
The institutional reform must be achieved in cooperation with the European Parliament, which must certainly have a better role to play at the intergovernmental conference than it did in Amsterdam, where it remained rather on the sidelines.
It is thus indisputable that Mr Musotto was interviewed in his capacity as a Member of Parliament. He also gave his answers in that capacity, and it seems to me that any result which threatened to waive his immunity, or which threatened not to uphold his immunity, would go against the spirit, if not the letter, of the law.
I regret that, because it would have sent out a strong signal that we are moving in the direction of a more social Europe.
Other initiatives are in fact needed, such as the introduction of new fuels, with the use of innovative transport systems.
I would like to assure you that at present no other non-EU country has requested a PNR negotiation, and so matters are clear.
I hope you have not awakened extravagant expectations, but we will do our best.
For the Commission’s part, at least, there will be no European standards for hotels, inns or coaches.
There is a chronic lack of funding for protection of this wealth in the European Union.
If an efficient decision-making procedure is to be maintained, there must be a change in the way the seats are distributed.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, may I say to Mr Reul that, since it has been more or less announced that the Greens do not approve of this report, I intend to focus on the points that I found most disturbing.
This is a major achievement if we are to have a budgetary overview of the European Union and will be particularly useful for us in the multilateral macro-economic dialogue to be conducted with the European Union's main partners.
That is seen in the immoral salaries that some of them are getting and the grotesque bonuses they are also getting.
I do not agree with this point of view.
For that reason I should like to ask the Commission to specify the measures it proposes to take in the immediate future in order to make progress towards a political solution to the conflict in Chechnya.
However, I reject the arguments of those who say that Turkey should never be allowed to join on the grounds that it is not a European country.
It is obvious, however, that these countries, impoverished within a Communist economic system, cannot cope with a social policy like, for example, Sweden' s.
However, there are derogations concerning the exclusion of state-owned forests from support under the new Rural Development Regulation in order to take into account the specific situations of certain regions and the characteristics of particular measures.
However we view, as a Parliament, the proposed attack on Saddam Hussein, we cannot look at it in isolation.
And that is the essence of why we have brought the case back again.
We call for OLAF to get involved in this.
I will leave it to you to work out the number of rejections.
That is why the dialogue has to focus on the European project in connection with Constitutional reform, and on the ultimate objective linked to the instruments to deliver it.
For those who seek democratic reforms, it is also clear that such courage/dissent is met with harassment and sometimes extreme violence.
In particular - because it was mentioned - on the issue of immigrants we take a particular approach.
The next item is the report (A5-0213/2000) by Mr Bouwman, on behalf of the parliamentary delegation to the Conciliation Committee, on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council directive [C5-0348/2000 - 1998/0249(COD)] on port reception facilities for ship-generated waste and cargo residues.
There is therefore an obligation to meet an objective, an obligation to achieve a specific result, to put in legal terms, but the way of achieving the result may be a combination of reducing fishing capacity and/or cutting down on fishing.
We must not, however, bury our heads in the sand: illegal immigration is also a necessity for our economy.
Greece needs our support and encouragement but asking foreign taxpayers, especially in countries outside the eurozone, to pick up the bill is difficult.
When it comes to the working world, I believe we must ensure that we find models of best practice, that we ask ourselves how we can help to integrate older people into the labour force and help them to feel comfortable in their working environment.
This has not been an easy task and is the reason for the delay.
I remind Parliament that a year ago we untied the procurement of essential medicines for AIDS, malaria and TB globally as far as the Commission is concerned.
   .
Mr President, the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs has already presented to plenary the reports by Mrs Kudrycka, Mrs Segelström and Mr La Russa on the legislative proposals for which the Commission requests use of the urgency procedure.
(DE) Mr President, from Europe's many upheavals, peasants wars and revolutions, we are all familiar with the romantic story of the fugitive being hidden in a cart-load of dung to be taken over the border and escape Richelieu's bloodhounds and the king's guards.
As the current directive on misleading practices has turned out to be insufficient, I voted in favour of this resolution calling on the European Commission to speed up the revision of this directive so that such misleading practices can no longer take place.
I am not going to expand on this issue, but I wish to say they are two different things.
This dogmatic exercise will not bring any other benefits for our current area of priority, which is controlling migration flows and security.
Madam President, the fact that Croatia is not being admitted to the Council of Europe on the pretext of a supposed absence of press freedom really is a peak of Parliamentary hypocrisy.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
This is because, let us admit, losses cannot be avoided.
Some European Union countries tend to ignore the real significance of the fishery sector for the whole European economy.
Consumer policy lies at the heart of the economic and social challenges that we face today.
This is how I know Mr Mauro is right: I saw many of these actions for libel, and no one protested.
Concerning Mr Hammerstein Mintz’s remarks, for which I thank him, the report that he referred to relates to 2005.
As a demonstration we have even decided to exceed the budget ceiling by EUR 20 million for sub-heading 1b, rural development, to indicate our position in this respect.
For years, US secret service aircraft have been flying around Europe with impunity, transporting detainees, while we have turned a blind eye.
I believe that soon we will also be discussing a possible common fiscal system.
For many, for Turkey to open negotiations for membership means opportunities – opportunities for further democratisation of the country; opportunities for abolishing torture and other violations of human rights; for respecting the rights of religious and ethnic minorities within Turkey and for full respect of the identity rights of sectors of Turkish society, the Kurds and the Alawites.
We cannot be passive onlookers and fail these masses of people who are being subjected to mental and physical cruelty.
This also makes the blocking of any real discussion on the issue of dialogue with citizens in the forum of the European Parliament all the more surprising.
To prepare the ground for this report, a study has been launched with the aim of providing a factual overview of the various legal instruments, methods and practices used in the Member States to safeguard the memory of totalitarian crime.
Recent developments demonstrate clearly the risks involved in raising the quota.
I am pleased that this year’s report points to improvements in the use of the EU budget and there have been steps forward in strengthening financial control.
On a more serious note, the rejection of a number of amendments aimed at including in the report some relevant details counteracting some of the accusations and insinuations is indicative of a desire to behave belligerently towards an ally that is above any desire to discover the truth.
I congratulate the European Commission for this timely initiative.
I would therefore ask you, in general – I am not referring to anyone in particular – if possible, not to make statements, because if you refrain, all questions will be answered.
The compromise reached in the Council is a very fragile one, however, and there is no point in putting it at risk.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen - those of you who have decided to stay with us - there is no doubt that the transport business today is a truly European business in a way that few others are.
Those Member States whose constitutions include this rule are currently experiencing certain difficulties with it, which shows that it is a strict rule.
As regards the data selected, this time, no retention period is mentioned in the mandate.
Do you realise that in that way, you contribute towards an economy where the volume and pace of work increases constantly, to the detriment of the quality of life?
the report by Mrs Estrela, on behalf of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Council Directive 92/85/EEC on the introduction of measures to encourage improvements in the safety and health at work of pregnant workers and workers who have recently given birth or are breastfeeding - C6-0340/2008 -.
Firstly, we object to the method being used.
This time, however, it is not the candidate Member State, Cyprus, that is at fault, given the fact that the President of Cyprus very recently approved the mediation of the United Nations.
I am looking forward to the discussion with you tonight.
However, as provided for in Article 163, an official decision of the Media Council may be challenged in court in accordance with the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure.
The same mistakes are still being made.
I sincerely hope that the Council reaches an agreement so that these two countries can become part of the privileged circle of Schengen States.
(DE) Mr President, we all want to have open borders for the provision of services.
We are emphasising our common ambitions to be active in international forums to achieve full implementation of multilateral obligations.
If all the thinking set down in the working documents is made public at the outset, then we can give up politics.
At present the Commission' s road safety budget is EUR 8 million per year.
AOL and NTL have excellent reputations, but others are not doing the job.
I believe that this debate is proof of Parliament’s interest in this key issue.
. (FR) We rejected all the amendments which do serious damage to conditions of employment, quality of service and, more generally, to the mission of the public services.
For instance, DDT and lindane have been banned in the EU for many years but their presence can still be detected in the blood of our citizens.
If we really want to achieve the economic policy objective I have mentioned, we cannot rely on doing this just by creating a new authority.
He may have overstated our generosity, but that was a stinging indictment of the EU’s attitude to countries such as this.
Yet as is always the case whenever it is a matter of justice for women in any walk of life, in implementing the principle of equal pay, the politicians are dragging their feet, as are the trade unions, unfortunately, which are still male-dominated organisations.
   – Mr President, I should like to thank Members of Parliament for their various comments.
It pays to develop awareness of the deep cultural traditions of European countries and, at the same time, to promote individual villages, towns, regions, Member States and the EU itself in a global context.
We launched this programme for 12 countries; now we are supposed to open it up, perhaps to as many as 25.
Fourthly, we must prevent the inappropriate use of the Barcelona Process for the Middle East conflict.
By backing the agreement on 14 March, even before the Committee on Transport and Tourism had made its announcement, Parliament played an extremely decisive role in modernising the arrangements regulating transatlantic aviation and offering new possibilities to European citizens.
It is now time to assess the first year of the Council's operations.
Finally, I endorse what Mrs Berger said about the Commission's powers.
I would therefore also like to express my appreciation to everyone whose work contributed to the establishment of a single position here in Parliament and, in particular, to Mrs Françoise Grossetête, with whom I have been sitting almost side by side in this House for a year, and to all co-rapporteurs, without whose cooperation this legislative process could not have succeeded.
Does it consider the policy of allowing the Tibetan leader to visit, but not the democratically elected president of Taiwan, to be consistent?
But that is not enough: by moving to 20, 21 or 25 Member States, and putting a ceiling of 1.27 % of GNP on the budget envelope, we will not even last a few years.
In their proposals the European Parliament has clearly taken its own share of responsibility for restoring the faith of the European consumer and guaranteeing food safety.
These are proposals which ultimately aim to downgrade and further privatise and commercialise existing social services, with the consent of women and working class families.
Mr President, Mr President of the Commission, I should like to thank you because your speech today has triggered a fundamental debate which answers the question, or which aspires to answer the question of where we, as Europe, want to go.
Specifically, in my region, the Canary Islands, the European Constitution was approved with 90% of the vote.
Privacy is a fundamental right.
Our concern is not with adding more and more directives and piling up ever more detail; what matters to us is that those countries should be ready to tackle this together, so that employers can charge proper prices without suffering from this dumping that is being organised there and the workers can of course work under proper conditions.
The proposal to take EUR 2 million per year away from South Africa for six years may not seem much.
It has to come in the right order, however: the targets and deadlines should, of course, come in the automatic strategies, in the follow-up.
Particular qualifying means cannot suddenly lose their quality as capital resources just because, for instance, the life insurance parent organization is subject to a different set of supervisory rules.
My recommendation, which was not accepted by the committee, was that the Stabilisation and Association Agreements should be successfully implemented over a period of years.
The next item is the debate on the recommendation for second reading (A4-0218/97) by Mrs Hautala, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council Directive amending Council Directives 74/150/EEC, 74/151/EEC, 74/152/EEC, 74/346/EEC, 74/347/EEC, 75/321/EEC, 75/322/EEC, 76/432/EEC, 76/763/EEC, 77/311/EEC, 77/537/EEC, 78/764/EEC, 78/933/EEC, 79/532/EEC, 79/533/EEC, 80/720/EEC, 86/297/EEC, 86/415/EEC and 89/173/EEC relating to the maximum design speed of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (C4-0150/97-96/0129(COD)).
What fundamental objections are we actually raising against the judicial action taken by the Iranian authorities?
The rest will go ahead as normal on Thursday.
First of all, the scope of the treaty must be spelled out in detail.
Mr President, it is, in my view, clearer than ever nowadays that there is a need for an international legal system, and it is also becoming ever clearer that, if an international legal system is to be developed that is viable and that applies to large as well as small countries, it is the EU that must play the decisive role and be the guarantor of large, as well as small, countries' complying with a set of international ground rules.
In recent months, we have seen numerous revelations about the pally form of capitalism operating amongst company directors, accounting companies, investment banks and financial analysts.
In meetings with the political authorities of Kazakhstan, the European Union, the Council and the Commission have emphasised that Kazakhstan must show that it is ready and able to commit to full compliance with the OSCE's rules and obligations in all their three dimensions, namely the human dimension, the political and military dimension, and the economic and environmental dimension.
Moreover, the indigenous peoples are largely being ignored in all this.
We respect that.
On the second occasion I was able to meet with Aung San Suu Kyi clandestinely.
The Commission has not yet decided how to proceed in selecting those parts of the academic CFR which will be incorporated into the final Commission CFR, as this decision also depends on the content of the draft CFR that the researchers will deliver.
(Applause)
I hereby state that I voted for this resolution as I believe that it is in line with the principle of better law making, and prioritises the modernisation of the rules on public procurement and concessions, which constitutes a significant improvement in EU law.
Nor have I been given any estimates of its economic significance for the Member States and the regions, and I fear it would involve major costs for smaller enterprises and, in particular, for slaughterhouses operating on a very small scale.
I hope that this afternoon's debate will contribute to achieving some joined-up thinking on immigration policy.
Certainly, the climate issue has now been recognised as a problem in the United States because their own researchers have stated that it is a problem.
Incidentally, with regard to the report by Mr Beysen, whom I congratulate on his work, I can state my broad agreement with the proposals that have been made.
I think that our cooperation has been constructive and has proceeded in a pleasant and open atmosphere.
My question is, why not take a first step now by approving the basic treaty prepared in Florence on the initiative of the Commission?
Sadly, the rapporteur does not seem to be concerned with strengthening humanitarian aid or the EU's civil protection programme, but rather with making the 'EU' stamp as visible as possible.
The questions that were asked six months ago are still crucial: is it, with the help of its very determined Justice Minister, managing to carry out the reform of the judiciary?
Regrettably, following the individual hearings and the various statements of Mr Prodi, I remain unconvinced.
In order to make it easier for the Commission and the Member States to get hold of reliable evidence, an Israeli peace movement published a list of companies established in the settlements, and a Palestinian NGO prepared and presented the customs services of the various Member States with unequivocal proof attesting to the State of origin of a range of products coming from the occupied territories and traded on domestic Community markets.
   Mr President, I also wish to welcome the President-in-Office.
Water ought to be one of the topmost priorities.
We will follow this up with various other steps.
Despite the uncertainty about their formal status there has been no proof that the prisoners are not being treated humanely.
I thank you for your contributions, which reflect a wide variety of views in this Parliament.
In the North, it is generally believed that any free trade in milder drugs lowers the threshold that makes it possible to move on to using hard drugs.
Indeed, the lack of financial perspectives in the next few years would plunge the Union into an even deeper crisis than the one it is already in.
However, they also express its political correlations.
One of the successes to come out of the European Council is that the Council has seen that there are risks and dangers - whether it is climate change or the fact that innovation and technology requirements are increased or the regulatory burden upon SMEs - but there are also opportunities.
I would like to ask you, Madam President, to convey the congratulations of this Parliament to the President of Algeria.
If so, what are your thoughts on it and what is being done about it?
Have the nations not already decided for themselves what they want to do?
I can recall no debate in the past twenty years which has pointed out our dependence on imported energy in the way this Green Paper has.
Let us not disappoint them.
I believe that the position I have drafted with my colleagues represents a fairer and clearer alternative to the rapporteur's report.
None of this will be easy.
(Applause)
Large European companies benefit most from these agreements; small producers, small farmers and working people do not benefit from them and, as such, we must change the way we work with these countries.
What this means is that a long-term approach is needed when proposing new solutions.
Concerning the impact of these transparency measures on the effectiveness of the Council's work, it should be borne in mind that, at the time of the initial evaluation, which the European Council had called for in June 2006, the new rules had been in operation for less than six months, including the month of August.
A number of Members have raised the issue of debt relief.
If I were the person involved, I would take the matter to the courts.
(PT) Madam President, I would like to begin by saying that I welcome the work of Mrs Balzani, but that I would nevertheless like to make a few observations here.
Shall we have to leave the government of Europe to the tender mercies of those multinationals which, at the moment, are doing their business at the expense of consumers?
Initiatives by the international community, focused on obtaining a political settlement, must ensure that human rights issues are addressed at every stage of the peace and democratisation process.
It seems that this time used in 'sleeping the sleep of the just' with regard to this report has been of use for the parliamentary groups to consider that, although it is absolutely necessary to amend the Rules of Procedure to remove this contradiction in Rule 170, doubts still remain about the need to once again standardise the constitutional procedures of the three bodies in this Parliament that I mentioned at the start of my speech.
Hence our vote against.
That would undermine sugar beet production, the sugar industry in general and the only factory we have in Europe; the quota allocated to it is so small that it could not be reduced without making its operation untenable.
There is also a strong recommendation to provide consumers with manufacturers' contact addresses where goods are sold in several Member States.
These people would probably not have died if they had lived elsewhere in the European Union.
Member States must once again take a stand so that we can really make it clear that this is a contribution to a better structural policy and to more solidarity in Europe.
In addition, the use of fuels according to the new requirements in old cars will reduce normal levels of emissions of impurities and improve air quality.
Mr President, I voted against the motion for a resolution on the EU-Africa Summit for several reasons.
This process could well involve the rating agencies making their own proposals.
I agree that not enough research has been done on this question to know whether the vital parts of cells or the basic building-blocks of human life are being destroyed by this radiation.
A separate but related matter is that it is high time for a full environmental impact assessment to be carried out on the likely environmental damage that could arise from nuclear shipments across the Irish Sea.
No.
It is about complying with the Security Council.
I therefore welcome the fact that the rapporteur stresses the need for a rapid response and that reference is made to a system where emergency social safety-net measures are accompanied by a desire for funding which can provide greater and improved access to agricultural inputs and services, taking into account the need to act at local level in a differentiated manner.
Whilst welcoming peace proposals from the Colombian Government, we recognize the serious and outstanding questions of human rights abuse against state authorities, including the apparent sanctioning of paramilitary violence through Conviver.
It was stated in Cardiff that this report had to be based on Article 28 of the 1963 Ankara Agreement and on the conclusions of the European Council meeting in Luxembourg.
Some 8% of the banks' assets are in the form of government bonds or loans, although the government and non-performing loans arising are not expected to top eight per cent in 2010 due to the weak economy.
We hope that our amendments will receive the majority support of Parliament, since they will serve to improve our Community economic and social objectives.
Of course it rightly expresses some criticisms: it highlights shortcomings in the Constitution.
If you define Europe not by its political borders but by its economic borders; in other words, if you include eastern Europe, Russia and North Africa, then you will see that we have the largest market in the world, with the highest per capita income and the largest concentration of educated workers.
The EU must therefore make every effort to cooperate with the Council of Europe and with the ongoing investigation.
We all support balanced relationships, but these should be balanced by setting aside the imperialism of the d'Amato Act, the imperialism of the Helms-Burton Act, without the unilateral taxing practised by the Californian state on our companies, a balance which is free of any ambiguity about Islam and the pro-Islamic nature of the foreign policy of the United States, which sometimes basks in the sun of Allah.
He claimed that the Commission recommendation and the Ecofin decision are unreasonable, unwarranted and a misreading of the Irish economy.
Finally, we object to the idea of the European Union having a permanent seat on the United Nations General Assembly for the simple reason that it would not make sense in light of the spirit and principles of the organisation, contained in the United Nations Charter.
I rather fear that the UK Government, having said all along that it would support the farming industry so they would be able to buy these medicines from suppliers and not from vets, has capitulated and caved in.
However, we are not so naive or cynical as to deceive the European citizens by claiming that, by setting a specific date - which, furthermore, many believe to be premature - the current rail problems are going to disappear.
All too often, however, European cultural heritage is neither appreciated nor exploited sufficiently, even though there is no doubt that it represents an area of great potential, not least from an economic point of view.
We believe that, by the end of the year, we shall have the first package of guidelines. This proves that we really are taking account of this dimension.
Personally, I am rather proud of what Europe has done over the last 50 years, particularly for developing countries even if no one else will say it.
. (FR) We voted in favour of this report, which concerns the protection of workers from the risks related to exposure to carcinogens or mutagens and which makes it compulsory for bosses to provide protection and to comply with restrictions on the use of such substances.
I am convinced that new ways will arise for owners of copyright to be able to benefit legitimately from their copyright and get payment for what they have produced.
   Mr President, I should like to join with other speakers in congratulating the rapporteur on her work.
This assists greatly in the transfer of information and knowledge between the institutions.
Especially today, when we have signed the Charter of Fundamental Rights, this is something which is completely at odds with the basic ethos which we seek to impose on the European Union.
The European strategy requires precise laws and sure means of enforcing them.
Commissioner, I fear that, as the European Union and as the European Commission, we have lost the battle for our positions.
We anticipate that we will be able to agree a framework decision on exchange of information and the European Evidence Warrant under our Presidency.
We also need access to information on matters pending, and we should be given details of initiatives coming from the working groups, the presidency and the Member States.
We cannot get Europe out of poverty.
To refer again to the situation in Denmark 130 years ago, the whole political system was just about paralysed during the Danish constitutional struggle.
In the English version it is wrong. This is not contentious.
It is you, Commissioner, who must bear responsibility for the annoyance, indeed the indignation of almost all groups in European society, and for what we just heard about from Mrs Roithová – the playing off of Members from the East and West against one another.
We can do that at any time.
We had a lot of amendments, but succeeded in agreeing upon a report.
This would save us a little time.
We do not consider that, with the report we have before us and with what it contains, the definitive and best outcome has been obtained, and we very much hope that the Commissioner will be able to find still more effective and more powerful methods of combating this alarming misuse of drugs.
– Ladies and gentlemen, yesterday and this morning we have had the opportunity to deal with the issue of terrorism, its murderous insanity and the concern it brings to the whole civilised world.
Other countries should not condone these widespread political and human rights breaches.
Do you accept that?
If I tell you that it was not sent to me and that no mention was made of it at the discussions in Prague, then you must believe me.
In this connection I would also like to thank the Commission and President Santer.
We support the livestock farmers clamouring for direct support measures for small and medium-sized enterprises, above all in mountainous and island regions, and in other particularly problematic ones, especially when the current situation is leading to the abandonment of agricultural and livestock activity.
These are all practical projects designed to facilitate citizens - employers and cross-border workers - in their everyday lives.
That would be a tremendous success for your Presidency.
It is extremely important, where we can, to take initiatives and pursue them on both.
(DE) Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Rübig for his question.
I am confident that you will find that the views of Parliament are strongly reflected in the Commission's policy response to foot and mouth disease.
(The sitting was suspended at 7.40 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m.)
As has just been said, tomorrow Parliament will have to vote on this report's second reading and, as with other reports, we here are of course divided between the wish to take negotiations with the Council and Commission as far as possible and the desire to get this text finalised quickly so it can be implemented as soon as possible.
That is not just a duty, it is also in our interests.
Will the Commission take action to prevent stun weapon manufacturers using CE markings to promote the sales of their products?
A great many of our children have suffered.
We must also do so for democratic reasons.
I want us to see carbon prices rise so we drive forward the low carbon investments in the future.
For the time being, we call on the European Parliament to vote in favour of Greece' s accession to the euro zone and we assure you that, as far as we, the main opposition are concerned, we shall use our policies to support the efforts being made to apply the rules of the Stability Pact and to honour joint European obligations within the framework of a unified country without borders.
Equally, we must ensure that all the states talk honestly in their approach to Kosovo.
The Commission will follow developments very closely and has offered to assist in creating conditions for free and fair elections.
From a legal and budgetary point of view this regulation is justified.
The Single European Currency is a logical step forward from the internal market which recently has been completed within the European Union and which resulted in the existence of the free movement of persons, services, capital and goods within the EU.
These are the challenges and the options and direction we have to take.
I would like to thank them for the hearing which was organised and which was of real help and great use in bringing this file forward.
The Council furthermore approved the increase of EUR 50 million in appropriations for food safety that Parliament held to be important.
Too often, in fact, the issue of health is approached globally, disregarding the specific needs of each sex.
For 'agriculture and natural resources', where EUR 51 billion was spent in 2007, the Court found that 'rural development' continues to account for a disproportionately large part of the overall error, while the error rate for EAGF expenditure is estimated to be slightly below the materiality threshold.
There are those who speak out in favour of banning gambling, while others believe that this ban would result in an increase in these activities without any kind of regulation in force.
Protocol 3, Article 16 states that 'the ECB shall respect as far as possible existing practices regarding the issue and design of banknotes' .
These substances may be said to be doubly dangerous.
I ask for your support for that.
Demographic challenge and solidarity between generations (
It seems to me logical to want a single rate, but why choose the customs rate which, by its very structure, is significantly different from the agricultural conversion rate?
So, getting that to happen mattered.
I wish to say that we need to look at this issue from two perspectives: from the perspective of when the whole story started, when we were not yet in a time of crisis, and from the perspective of the situation we are in now, with the biggest economic crisis striking deep into the real economy of Europe.
Indeed, in this report from the Committee on Fisheries we congratulate the Commission on one of their latest documents: ' Fisheries agreements: current situation and agreements' .
Predatory fishing becomes the norm. It is an inevitable consequence of the policy and leads to the depletion of stocks.
The Commission proposes adding to the list of projects the Nordic Gas Grid, to which Parliament gave its support in the spring.
Examples of this include the projected reductions in the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund, the Financial Instrument for Fisheries Guidance - Community programmes from the previous Community framework, 2002-2006 - or LIFE+, the Financial Instrument for the Environment.
A number of Members said that the European Union is all about grand speeches, nice resolutions, communications and conferences.
- (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first a very big thank you to the rapporteur, Mr Lehne, who has done a magnificent job and has found appropriate solutions to a very difficult question in agreement with the Members from the other groups.
The hallmark of the report is its proposal for the formation of a convention to prepare for the next Intergovernmental Conference This convention would consist of representatives from the Commission, national governments, the European Parliament and national parliaments and it would prepare the agenda and the proposals for the next IGC.
I am aware that it will not be easy to reach agreement on this issue.
This will not please everyone, however, and the best proof of this is the firm line taken in the United States and Australia, which want geographical indications only to be admitted under exceptional circumstances and are seeking to have them restricted to certain wines and spirits.
First among these points is political reform, with, above all, the promotion of human rights, democracy and good governance, to which I shall return later.
I would like to ask whether this happened as a result of your instructions and whether or not you are prepared to take responsibility for this?
The Amsterdam Treaty gives the Union increased scope to push ahead with implementation of the Beijing platform for action.
The main purpose of the mark is to make the product distinguishable and familiar and to indicate a certain product quality.
So, should the Commission not present proposals now for revising REACH and perhaps also other types of legislation in order to stipulate that cocktail effects must be taken into account in the authorisation process on the basis of the substitution principle?
This is mainly caused by the global economic slowdown but also by the current political security crisis.
Exports would also suffer.
I have a few comments, however, to make with regard to some of the points.
As I said here in Parliament during the most recent discussion on enlargement, it is a subject on which we cannot let ourselves make political decisions as it were in the worst or narrowest sense of the word, that is, saying on the basis of purely political considerations that one country is coming in and another is not.
In his ‘The resistible rise of Arturo Ui’, he wrote: ‘The womb he crawled from is still going strong’.
The Commission will draw up an evaluation report to be submitted to the European Council at the meeting in Copenhagen in December.
I welcome this vote, which is a significant step forwards for the internal market and the fruit of complex and involved negotiations.
Several things, in fact.
It is wrong to speak about removing the internal border controls without replacing them with additional measures.
The UK presidency has misled all those who have been pleading for an effective control of arms exports.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (PT) Mr President, Mr Newton Dunn, the Council has not been informed about the participation of Member States in this network which is primarily an initiative of the G8 and Council of Europe Member States.
How can this be prevented?
The structure of the Budget has ceased to provide any justification for it.
Voting time
   . Mr President, tomorrow we will be approving an amended proposal that will ensure that motor vehicles are designed so that they can be recycled properly at the end of their life cycle.
2.
Madam President, Mr Barroso, I was pleased to note that you have appreciated the social dimension of this issue and have supported a social settlement.
I have no time to elaborate on this, but it is simply because of the diversity of the reality on the ground.
The Baltic is fairly large in area but it is shallow.
So far the Russian Government has not adopted a final decision concerning the body responsible for channelling humanitarian aid to those Russian regions which, like Karelia, are experiencing serious problems.
Lastly, and I will end here, the key point which Parliament must deal with is the issue of increasing the proportion of newer cars on our roads.
Institutional reform - in the Commission, in majority decision-making and in the simplification of procedures - will require greater efforts from the Conference.
The fifth point I will borrow from Mr Deprez, who mentioned that the Commission would be responsible for writing a report within three years.
Further collaboration between Romania and Italy would of course be useful.
Environmental damage in both air and water is increasing.
One of the key objectives of the devolution process is to ensure that aid is more closely supervised in the field and to make the most of the detailed local knowledge of our ‘in-country’ staff.
What will Brussels' policy be as regards the liberalisation of public services?
Regulation in this area must not be watered down, so that we can prepare to move beyond this practice towards a zero waste society.
I have known Mr McMahon for a number of years and as ever I agree with the point which he has raised.
Climate change poses one of the most serious threats not only to the environment, but to the economy and society as well.
But the result can be a real agreement.
Anyone who demands new laws for soil and agriculture is abusing the climate debate for the purposes of implementing sanctions that he or she wanted to implement anyway but which have nothing to do with climate change.
A political solution can never be brought about by violence.
Secondly, we should not forget the original aims behind this report.
Italy and Greece would have particular problems.
We know that the changes in the new Member States have been very far-reaching and often painful.
We must also address the issue of terrorist financing.
Consequently, all this may well be crude but it is just a touch more practical.
Meanwhile, illegal secret imports of raw uranium arrive from the Congo, a country the EU supports with humanitarian aid.
Above all, however, we must have class budgeting, or category budgeting.
Furthermore, it must be stressed that although they are very different structures, both the European Union and the OSCE follow the same principles and values, that is to say, respect for human rights and democracy.
Mr Løkkegaard and Mrs Gáll-Pelcz, who reminded us of the commitment of the Hungarian Presidency, mentioned the mutual evaluation process.
That is a joint responsibility, but it also explains why we did not go as quickly as we might have thought at the beginning, or also as quickly as circumstances required.
Vice-President Kallas has kept the Committee on Transport and Tourism of this House informed about these issues.
But we cannot of course say that it is in fact already a candidate, for the simple reason that the Copenhagen criteria are just not being met in Macedonia.
We are also pleased with the appropriations which were added for international relations, particularly for the science/society theme.
The EU Member States must promote the comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty and the renewal of the START Agreement between the United States and Russia.
Might I remind you that, last November, it was Parliament itself, together with the European Council, that undertook to deal with the visa liberalisation for Albania and Bosnia and Herzegovina, under an expedited procedure, as soon as these countries met the conditions.
Ladies and gentlemen, as I am in the chair, I have to read you a communication which states that, at its meeting on Monday, 9 March, the Committee on Foreign Affairs approved a motion for a resolution on the deterioration of the humanitarian situation in Sri Lanka and, in view of the alarming situation there, it requested that the motion for a resolution be included on the agenda for the current part-session in accordance with Rule 91 of the Rules of Procedure.
The sector accounts for 3% of GDP, 6% of employment, 8% of national incomes and one-sixth of household expenditure.
Secondly we could use legislation to ban that rubbish.
That is like a red rag to a bull.
I come from a point of view where I like copyright.
I can only allow you to take the floor again if it concerns a point of order.
I would say, however, that I can make a positive comment because the European Union has finally, after a lot of searching - which was far from easy - discovered Article 119 and the legal basis on which it can provide such assistance.
Madam President, I know that this is not provided for in the rules, but I feel I have a moral duty, especially after Mr Balfe's speech, to express my support with Mrs Lucas' action.
I think we should very rapidly envisage a federal Union of a few states and continue to work on this great project.
This is why I have voted against this resolution.
This means that the fish yield in any one year could be 50 % more than it actually is.
In this regard, I support the initiatives that have been presented in the Philippine Congress.
That will then enable the House to establish the final political priorities based on the proposals put forward by the Commission, on the basis of a text tabled by the Conference of Presidents.
We must devote more attention to finding ways for social policy to underpin structural change.
That is the way it is.
The Commission has indicated that the majority of EU fisheries are being worked unsustainably.
This is due to exceptional circumstances.
It goes without saying that I will keep the INTA Committee updated on progress.
Mar sin de ba mhaith liom leasú béil a mholadh faoin mheancóg cló a leasú in 183.
Everyone has said how important the cooperatives in the different European countries are and it is also very good of course that we can bring about a European Statute for them.
I would also stress the decisive contribution of the Agricultural Association of the Azores, as well as of the regional government and the government of the Republic; they were heavily involved and played a significant role in finding a solution for the sugar of the Azores.
I am indebted to the Commission, but also, as I have already stated, to my fellow MEPs, for deciding to turn their backs on envy and political squabbling and for opting, with good reason, to bring these citizens within the scope of Regulation 1408.
The fundamental reason has to do with the debate which we had earlier today. It has to do with democracy and accountability.
Around 800 cases have been registered with the EU's SOLVIT, and of these 80% have been resolved.
Under the Copyright Directive, electronic data may not be viewed on a computer screen by library users, meaning ordinary people, unless a special agreement is made with the copyright-holders.
This is not because I feel that the term concerns me - the reverse is true - but because, for the umpteenth time, a legitimate political discourse against further mass-immigration and for a firm adjustment policy is being consciously bound up with extremism and violence.
It is up to the interinstitutional working group to decide what form it wishes to give to its conclusions.
That intervention has in a way triggered this new development of international law and, for the first time, this enshrining of the development goals.
In this respect, the European Union must urgently invest more resources in technological research, aimed, in particular, at an easier and more economical form of extraction of rare earths from electronic waste.
This means that adequate long-term funding for the CAP is required.
What is important is the expansion of a region of peace and stability.
Corrective mechanisms should have been introduced in Berlin but this did not happen.
It was story of the century in its impact on farming and how we do our business and on the animal feed industry.
We shall be able to discuss this with one another.
Indeed, we might say that they have all but vanished.
It means, however, that we must continue with the work at all levels if we are to achieve our aim.
Women's employment has risen but unemployment figures for women are still much higher than those for men, and we must therefore take political measures, both through the European Commission and the Member States, which encourage women to join the labour market on the same terms as men.
For the benefit of those listening, this Parliament does actually have other groups with different opinions .
It has done so in Article 2 of the Treaty on European Union, which mentions the principle of equality between men and women for the first time in primary law; in Article 3 of that treaty; in Article 8 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, which states that all the Union's policies must be governed by the principle of gender equality.
The ECB's independence may not be affected, there should be no political pressure and we must prevent monetary policy in the euro zone from being politicised.
In a free market of healthy businesses, quality, be this male or female, will always prevail, as we have seen many times before.
Madam Commissioner, I challenge you to answer here today: Do you approve of EU Member States having colonies in the world in the 21st century?
Also, if one looks at other key performance indicators, the employment optimism index has fallen by three points from +4 to +1 in the last nine months.
In conclusion, I think that our aims in creating OLAF are to make a constructive contribution to better protecting the interests of the EU against abuse, to make prevention a priority, and to recover money which has gone missing.
Those who seek re-election will no doubt be seeking to justify themselves on the basis of their record and new entrants will be of course arguing that they are better alternatives.
Under no circumstances, however, is it a relaxing of anti-grass roots policy; it is another burden on grass-roots incomes for the benefit of big business.
Especially when they are suffering from chronic illnesses or long-term health disorders, many people turn to so-called non-conventional therapies.
However, if there is one thing that I can retain from the reports, it is the need for Parliament to have more say on employment matters.
It should be remembered that these measures were included in the flexibility instrument for 2003-2006, the share for 2003 being EUR 32 million.
I have to tell you that Frontex now has a liaison officer in the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Another is the process of actually having a genuine single market - which we still do not yet have - and skills training that will be the key to delivering that innovative and knowledge-driven society.
Under the pretext of reducing CO2 emissions, a tax is being introduced with the aim of discouraging road transport in favour of rail and intermodal transport.
Those men, who left a country at war in order to come to Europe, thinking that they could seek asylum and protection here, have thus been sent back to a country that is still at war, in which their safety cannot by any means be guaranteed.
On 10 February, Commissioner, representatives of 300 local authorities in Europe will be gathering in Brussels at your invitation.
The European Union should not link its foreign policy or policy of solidarity in the event of crisis to military action and militarised structures and mechanisms.
I find it extremely regrettable that so far we have not succeeded in implementing this, but there is an amendment on which we will vote on Thursday.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Belet for the way he has gone about writing this report. I do fundamentally disagree with him in some areas, and indeed the massive power-grab that this report is asking for in its recitals, but I welcome the professional way he has conducted himself in writing the report.
I too tabled amendments to abolish the 16-week rule.
This is why it is so important to create fair conditions for Bulgaria and not to give her the Cinderella treatment!
We believe, then, that these association agreements are not only of great importance to trade and economic integration but are also an important political platform.
The Commissioner said that we do not want to go down the road of everyone being equal, but some people being more equal than others - that seems to be exactly the road we are going down with these proposed cuts.
Relaxing the introduction procedure for alien species in aquaculture must be balanced by a strict definition of the rules with which closed aquaculture facilities will have to comply, in accordance with the outcome of the IMPASSE project, as well as being subject to supervision, the aim being to ensure that the technical requirements proposed by specialists will all be properly taken into account and observed.
2.
None of the actors in economic and social life can be kept out of the social dialogue against their will.
When will this duplicity end?
This would include someone who has been admitted as a refugee or under a subsidiary form of protection.
Written statements (Rule 149)
He should be released unconditionally and be able to stand as a candidate in the parliamentary elections which are to be held next March.
The forestry strategy will introduce a stronger environmental element into forestry.
But at the same time the fact remains, and it gets ever more embarrassing from one day to the next, that the Union has not been able to take any decisions of its own which would lead to establishing its own commitments too.
During its visit, the delegation assessed the practical implementation of the objectives that were publicly proclaimed in a joint statement by all parties to the Annapolis Conference six months ago as part of the effort to achieve a two-state solution by the end of this year.
Freedom of movement is a basic right and a pillar of EU citizenship for which we are all striving.
It is my view that without any ideological overtones and independently of our party affiliation, we can all agree that the protection of pregnant women, the guarantee of equal treatment for men and women, the combating of all discrimination based on ethnic origin, religion, beliefs, age or membership of a minority group are objectives of fundamental importance.
I have a very brief question.
I want Member States to be required to meet the target, save where it is physically impossible for them to do so.
in writing. - The European Union wastes more than 20% of its energy due to inefficiency, representing about 400 Mtoe (million tonnes of oil equivalent) less energy, and would also represent a huge cut in emissions.
Explanations of vote
Is the limit set correctly at 50 km, or should we perhaps be seeking the cause of these developments in the abattoirs, too?
My second observation concerns the slogan 'No patents on life' , a slogan with which we have been bombarded at enormous expenditure of resources, which I cannot help wondering about, in a flood of letters, cards and press releases, of which we have all been a target.
In their view, the use of aggressive substances would actually benefit the environment, as these reduce the frequency with which it is necessary to re-paint.
After Mr de Vries stepped down, a new EU anti-terrorism coordinator should be appointed as soon as possible.
My region has 450 000 inhabitants - true enough, we can offer Lake Garda and the Dolomites - and alone spends ECU 7 million, almost as much as the European Union.
We cannot forget the 20 million people unemployed in the EU at the moment, nor the fact that one in five children in the EU lives on the brink of poverty.
It is constructive that the report by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs attempts to make significant improvements to the Commission text.
It also calls on the Commission to start infringement procedures against Member States that fail to implement this legislation and make sure that all information and consultation directives are coherent and where necessary propose a revision.
I congratulate the 141 States which have ratified or acceded to this Treaty and call upon the four EU Member States remaining after enlargement on 1 May which have not yet done so – namely, Estonia, Latvia, Finland and Poland – to do so without any further delay.
It is a structural failing in our society that women should have to sacrifice more to have children than men.
Can the Commission say what studies it has carried out on the possibility of transferring quotas and what the outcome was?
Are we prepared and willing to help people fight these diseases in their own countries?
'condemns in the strongest terms the execution of the Tibetan Lobsang Dhondup on 26 January for alleged political crimes and calls for the immediate setting aside of the death sentence on the Buddhist lama Tenzin Delek'.
It is inevitable that, in the coming years, fiscal consolidation will remain on the agenda in the interests of stabilisation and of being consistent with the kinds of cyclical intervention which the Member States implemented against the recession in previous years.
It seems a long time since the Commissioner was on the Committee on Agriculture of this Parliament and it is nice to see her taking an interest in fisheries matters again.
This particularly applies to the integration of immigrants and to the organisation both of mother-tongue teaching and of teaching in the languages of the immigrants’ new countries.
The text objectively reflects the situation at hand, and formulates valuable recommendations.
The Oostlander report, which was presented to the House today, corresponds to an ultra-federalist concept of the future, which raises more problems than it solves, and which now appears to have minority support in Europe.
This is the only way we are going to maintain production and, by extension, jobs in the European Union.
On the issue of cancer, I should like to clarify that cancer remains one of the Commission's top priorities and is part of the health programme.
It is imperative that the European Parliament express its views on the crisis.
The new Grundtvig programme includes parents' associations as equal partners in adult education for the first time.
We should ensure that all nations undertake their obligations under that Treaty.
It is here that I find the concrete information lacking.
I am satisfied that the 1957 European Convention as supplemented by the new EU convention relating to extradition provides a very good framework for extradition arrangements between Member States in relation to serious offences.
The section of the city that was not affected by the eruption lives its normal life, insofar as this is possible under these circumstances and under the occupation.
There is talk of marginal social cost, although we never quite discover precisely what is meant by that, of taxes on diesel and of uniform charging systems being introduced throughout Europe with the aid of electronic data transfer.
This is not a new form of aid for businesses, but extra assistance aimed at helping to find new jobs for employees who have been made redundant following changes in world trade.
Mr President, I had the honour of meeting the constitutional President of Chile, Salvador Allende, in person, and even in my own modest way to participate in negotiations that were initiated, during the first Chilean stage, by him. At the end of these negotiations, he awarded me a decoration that he had signed and that is an honour in my modest life story.
We no longer live in a post-war Europe where food security was a legitimate concern.
Therefore, I believe that it is essential and a matter of duty for the European institutions to provide as much assistance as possible, at least in order to guarantee that the people who have lost everything have housing, medical assistance, food and basic social services.
Secondly, if thousands of people are made redundant within the next nine months, they will be able to enjoy the benefits of this fund and that is vitally important to the SMEs.
We must respect the work of the Commission and its responsibility, and I hope that it makes proposals as soon as possible, and that the Irish Presidency can interpret them.
How much longer must dissidents continue to be hounded for their convictions, defending fundamental human rights and standing up for freedom and justice?
We will soon be putting forward practical proposals on these points.
The amendment to Rule 51 proves to be indispensable, rendering the provision more readily understandable and therefore easier to use, laying down new conditions governing the application of the procedure, and determining the scope of the procedure.
Should shortages of certain products arise that are needed, for instance, for haemophilia patients, there is absolutely nothing against making up for those shortfalls by importing other blood.
The proposal is to ban the use of bottom trawling in the waters of the Azores and Madeira, as well as in the Canary Islands, in order to protect deep-water coral reefs, which are of enormous importance in terms of protecting biodiversity.
Mr President, with reference to Mr Spencer's report, the House has in fact been in general agreement that little progress has been made.
In various telecommunications directives we have defined what the content of the universal service for the telecommunications sector is - that is in the ONP voice telephony report by Mrs Read - and how the financing must be regulated - that is in the interconnection directive and in the full competition directive.
I believe that a supply of fresh, cheap seafood can be a tremendous tourist attraction in peripheral regions, particularly for areas like Galicia, the west of Ireland and Scotland.
8.
But sometimes it is also a matter of life and death.
This modern form of the slave trade cannot and must not have any place in a European Union based on the principle of respect for human rights and human dignity.
The customs authorities are required to prevent and combat offences against both Community rules and national laws.
The aim of this policy is to stimulate growth and the demand for sustainable goods and services, including timber and timber-based products which come from forests to which sustainable management methods are applied.
We want to see a corporate code of social responsibility but we can see that this will be achieved only when we have an updated and completed legal framework in this area.
Grand Mufti of Syria. -
How does he justify the silence of the European Union about the Cubans being held in the United States because they uncovered plans to assassinate Fidel Castro and other Cuban leaders, and the failure to extradite to Cuba the Cuban hijackers who are now circulating freely in the United States?
The joint statement issued following the Summit with Brazil unequivocally demonstrates the commitment to concluding negotiations on the EU-Mercosur Association Agreement.
But I do not want to pursue this further, otherwise I will be making the same mistake you made, namely concentrating on this question.
Member of the Commission. - (FR) Honourable Members, friends, allow me first of all to thank in particular the rapporteurs, Mrs Koppa and Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra, for their excellent reports on, respectively, the strategic partnership between the European Union and Brazil, and between the European Union and Mexico.
Forests have a substantial capacity for hosting wildlife, and the species that naturally colonise these habitats deserve to exist.
These events of this summer, which overshadow the Middle East conflict, constitute a major problem which the institutions of the European Union need to tackle over the coming months.
The institutions have failed to provide specific information and plans.
It is unacceptable that concerns about public spending and pressures for compliance with the Stability Pact should have a negative effect on the living standards of the elderly, as suggested in the recent decision of the Barcelona European Council to increase the age of retirement by five years by 2010, which we find unacceptable, and in the statements by the current President-in-Office of the Council, Prime Minister Aznar, at the opening of the Second UN Assembly on ageing, when he called for changes to the pensions system, to working hours and to the age of retirement, all of which involve the same issues.
Furthermore, in view of the positive progress that the Council has already made, support for this report would throw a spanner in the works with regard to the Council's work.
The decision must be taken to introduce new initiatives against tax evasion and capital flight, and to do away with tax havens, as had been promised.
Of course there will be some hesitations, some doubts certainly and also of course the need to be a bit more ambitious but, I must stress, everything will be balanced within the context in which we live and according to the difficulties facing us.
This also means, however, that we must coordinate our policies, while at the same time guarding against a policy in which everything is submitted to absolute diktat, since this would render us incapable of focusing on individual objectives. Research is one such area.
I think that Mr Lehne's proposal to exempt micro-entities from the burden of annual accounting, thus producing a reduction in administrative bureaucracy, is a positive one.
In that event, it all backtracks and you end up with far more insurance than you actually wanted and not a cheap ticket but one at an over-inflated price as a result of extra charges and insurance.
Mr President, I welcome the rapporteur's report.
The discussions in the Council have demonstrated that balancing the needs of the transport policy and the demands of defence policy require coordination mechanisms which go beyond the possibilities offered in the first pillar.
The texts to which Mr Booth refers state that you must not manipulate a chemical mixture solely for the purposes of classification in order to come in under a certain threshold, that you must not be allowed to do lots of animal tests just to avoid labelling.
(PL) I am pleased that the question of organ donation and transplantation is a priority for the Spanish Presidency, because it can be said that this is a matter of life and death.
I welcome this new legislation, which will help consumers to reduce their energy bills and the whole of the EU to achieve its climate objective of reducing energy consumption by 20% in 10 years.
Therefore, in order to make the meeting of the European Council credible, in addition to creating another list of things to be done, as has often been said, we must establish a clear relationship between the objectives and the timetable.
In the given situation, we must always act on the basis of a rational assessment of the causes of this complex problem, which go back eight years, to the time when international forces assumed administration of this territory following the bloody events there.
I take the view that we should be very careful about establishing someone’s identity, certainly in the case of unknown people.
It should not only be used for renovating houses, but should also be used for creating jobs and growth in the areas concerned.
I view this to a certain extent as a lack of trust in Parliament.
I hope that the College will adopt the proposals we are working on on 31 March.
Mrs Hautala' s question was very well put and we also would like an answer to that.
All passages pushing for economic liberalisation, privatisation and militarisation would have to be deleted from the entire draft European Constitution.
Firstly, he ended the CIA secret detention programme.
In two statements on 12 and 14 March, the criminalisation of the peaceful 'Prayers Meeting', which took place in Harare on 11 March, was condemned, and the release demanded of those persons under arrest, along with a call for legal and medical aid to be granted.
Sometimes it is necessary to kick up a fuss, to abandon the politics of peace and quiet and, at long last, provide an answer to the real problems of our citizens.
Thanks to this input, the EU managed to create a constructive climate for negotiations and effective cooperation with the developing countries, with which we reached agreement on a wide number of matters, as is now reflected in the declaration.
I find the report' s approach towards the trade dimension of Cotonou interesting, although I cannot agree with all of it.
I find it staggering that, when we are trying to reconnect to our citizens, people do not support transparency and openness.
The Commission is further reassured by the safety provisions of the directive, in particular Articles 11, 6 and 16 which ensure that any new information which indicates the existence of any risks that were previously unforeseen will be forwarded and the consent will be modified or revoked accordingly.
The banks should not be paid market rates of interest on their minimum reserves.
A new order in trade policy is important.
Only those at the top table of decision-making can acquire high levels of confidence in the knowledge-based society.
However, the issue of how we can cooperate with the Central Bank to assume greater responsibility in terms of economic policy, and therefore also employment policy, needs to be given greater emphasis.
This brings with it both opportunities to enlarge the Union further and, first and foremost, serious problems regarding the question of Kosovo's independence.
Negotiations with the Republic of Moldova began in March 2008.
I feel that it is infinitely less legitimate to seek to withdraw a method of management and to introduce competition within the field of transport and to use case law to extend this to all the other fields in the future, through a regulation which is not transposed by the national parliaments.
We should take this opportunity to alter our frames of mind and move forwards.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the situation in Albania is extremely difficult, as we have just heard.
All efforts to bring about a political dialogue in this country are crushed immediately by the single ruling party.
All that remains to be seen, between now and 2003, is just how serious the intentions behind this policy are.
As I was about to make a speech on harassment at work during last night's plenary session, the people in the booth behind me were smoking with the door open.
I would like to state publicly that the Presidency of the Council has had invaluable assistance from the European Commission in relation to fulfilling our desire to give this Summit substance.
It is true that covers mainly countries from Central and Eastern Europe, but the candidate countries include the two famous Mediterranean island peoples: the Maltese and the Cypriots.
Indeed, I note that many points are still unresolved and we have only a few days left. We are skating on thin ice and progress must be made.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to speak on the subject of this afternoon' s agenda.
The new proposal, on which our rapporteur, Mrs Prets, has done a very good job, tries to reconcile the various viewpoints both within Parliament and within the Council.
This had already been done before for the agreement with South Africa and, at the WTO, of course, the producers of Chilean, Australian and California wine, and of all the wines from the Pacific, are going to revolt and claim this precedent for themselves.
These are not a trademark just of this region, but a challenge for all of us, and only through combined efforts can we limit the negative tendencies in this area.
Mr President, the European Union' s shipbuilding and ship repair industry is facing serious problems, as has been mentioned here, which shows that the recipes provided a few years ago are not giving the promised results.
I must thank the Commissioner for the efforts that her department is making to achieve this, but in order to achieve this, we must undertake a thorough and appropriate review of current legislation in this field and improve all aspects of it that will lead to greater and better protection of passengers' rights.
In essence, the European Union and the United States are both founded on the same principles and values: respect for the rule of law, democracy, human rights and of course free market economies.
None of this does anything to boost confidence in the seriousness of fraud control.
Therefore, I would like to ask the Commission how Europe will create new jobs?
Some Groups have not had a chance to look at the Ghilardotti report in particular and to debate them.
My group therefore supports the Agenda 2000 proposals in principle.
We are not entirely sure: they may well be back for a few more weeks yet!
However, I and many others are extremely disappointed that the Commission has taken until November to come forward with any effective suggestions and now it is asking for urgency, effectively denying the Council and Parliament any time to debate or amend this proposal.
We cannot allow man to have such great power over his fellow man.
Mr President, with regard to yesterday' s vote on the Olsson report, Paragraph 1, second part, states that I abstained from the vote.
Measures should also be taken involving cooperation and technical support for third countries, in particular Asian ones, in order to enable preventative and screening action to be taken in the countries in which avian influenza originates;
The exceptions are the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, which are not bound by this agreement, and a territorial restriction with respect to France and the Netherlands, for which this agreement only relates to those countries' European territories.
Amendments Nos 4, 7, 8 and 9 are intended to maintain the status quo in relation to both these requests.
I dare say India is a threshold country, but it is also on the threshold of a dangerous instability in the region.
On the other hand, we also want to put right an old injustice. These candidate countries, which found themselves on the other side of the Iron Curtain after the Yalta conference, lost both their independence and cultural identity.
The proposal that the Commission should check the quality twice a year is rather excessive.
I must say that, knowing how difficult this is, I am at least cautiously optimistic about the prospects of a serious and substantive meeting being hosted by the US this November.
The same applies to the RELEX reform.
Mr President, honourable Members, I shall pass on the list of Commission opinions on the Amendments to Parliament's Services.
In order to overcome these factors causing tuberculosis, the European Commission and the European Union Member States must take concrete and swift action with the aim of establishing joint measures to combat this terrible disease, find joint political dialogue on financial support and adopt a joint action plan to combat the disease.
It cannot be that one member country is able to dictate such matters unilaterally to institutions which are respected on a multilateral basis.
In 2008 we are faced with a completely different picture: the multipolar world is concerned not only with economic and political competition, but also increasingly with cooperation in search of solutions to the present challenges.
Folkpartiet agrees with the majority of the criticism and consider that it is right to send a sharp signal that a change in a more humanitarian direction should be initiated.
In any case, with or without the trademark, there are various groups of investors that are clearly interested, who shall be given every facility to prevent this factory, in a town so small as Aguilar de Campoo, from having to close, which would have a very serious effect on the inhabitants of this town.
We are interested in a good neighbourhood, and I believe that this instrument will help prevent the European Union from building walls or erecting a Chinese Wall around itself, and will encourage it to efficiently help its neighbours to prosper, instead.
After all, full employment is once again a possibility at last.
However, the present state of affairs in this debate on procedure is extremely disappointing.
Funding provided by the EU is consistent with the economic burden borne by these countries in order to close the nuclear power stations.
Threats of boycotts by consumers can force newspapers to refuse such ads and force hotels to become porn-free.
Now so far as Serbia-Montenegro is concerned, that country has enjoyed trade concessions and financial and technical assistance since the year 2000 as part of the stabilisation and association process.
What I am not willing to accept, however, is the way in which this was prepared and staged, and I would also like to tell the Secretary-General, Mr Rømer, that I intend to energetically follow up what he said in the Conference of Presidents last Thursday, so I will tell the plenary that I, the chairman of my group, had no advance notice of this event whatever.
This particular will has already been expressed by the lower chamber of the Czech Parliament, the House of Deputies.
The challenges ahead of us are both difficult and stimulating, and the Portuguese Presidency will continue to engage with them.
Unfortunately, at that time this proposal did not attract any interest, as it ran counter to the interests of the most important EU country, i.e. Germany.
   – Mr President, Commissioner, the draft recommendation presented by our rapporteur after the draft was amended and supplemented by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy is a document that I endorse and have no difficulty in voting for.
This is an outcome of great significance because the fate of European democracy lies at its heart, since there can be no genuine international democracy until European political parties take on an effective role in the democratic process.
That would be our intention and our desire.
In particular, Mr President of the Council, I would have liked you to have developed and gone deeper into some of the other subjects which, to be frank, you often only touched upon, the subject of combating drugs, a subject which moreover is currently under discussion here in the European Parliament.
At the start, the positions taken up were greatly opposed to one other.
I strongly support the idea that the Commission should present annually a follow-up of EU strategy on Roma inclusion.
Whilst being very grateful for your report, I do think there needs to be more in-depth discussion in the Committee on Budgets on what we are actually aiming at.
We have arrived at a crucial moment for the area of freedom, security and justice.
Flying in the face of common sense, nuclear energy is depicted as the technology of the future, with even more EU research funding and budgetary resources to flow into the development of this high-risk dinosaur technology.
For example, funds are to be provided to explain to people living in Africa how dangerous it is to get to Europe.
(PL) Madam President, China's interest in African oil, precious metals and gas is beginning to be a little reminiscent of the old colonial policies of certain European powers.
Approval of this decision is therefore a first step towards the abolition of checks at internal borders with Bulgaria and Romania.
However, we have a 10% unemployment rate in the European Union, and it has reached 20% in Spain and Latvia.
For environmental reasons, I believe it is important to diversify our sources of energy production and to promote sustainable production methods.
At the same time, I am sure that European sovereignty will gradually strengthen in the future.
Unfortunately, we have a restrictive budgetary authority, and, unfortunately again, we have our governments, which want far less even than the budgetary authority authorises me to want.
We have seen that there are actually very differing opinions on these findings of a court of justice that is not an EU court.
This totally undemocratic procedure would hold the authority of the European Parliament up to ridicule and would only serve to increase the famous democratic deficit of the current construction of Europe.
If the budget is drafted for year N, the Council wanted to use the money according to the following procedure: first the unused margins for year N minus 1 preceding the budget under debate would be transferred to the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund and only then would the unused commitment appropriations for year N minus 2 preceding it be transferred to the fund.
Why is this?
There were hundreds of thousands of citizens who demonstrated peacefully, as is usually the case with this type of demonstration, except at the last minute the hooligans appeared, whom we know and who unfortunately had not been intercepted by the State security forces in advance.
The Portuguese Presidency has always tried to maintain a frank, open and constructive relationship with the European Parliament, both with the plenary and its committees.
We are still learning from the foot-and-mouth epidemic in the United Kingdom.
Madam President, there is a great deal of importance in having the remarks of 199 voted because they will make this money more easily available to the Administration to facilitate spending.
The present seven objectives will be cut to three, which will certainly make it easier for both the Commission and the regions to manage the funds.
The issue of most widespread concern is employment, both the provision of employment opportunities for those without work and the improvement of job security for those currently at work.
I hope that the debate that has taken place in recent months in the Convention leads to the conclusion, not only by Parliament but also by the citizens of our continent, that if we genuinely want to assume our rightful position in the world, with the wealth and the well-being that we enjoy, we also have obligations associated with these benefits and these obligations must be met.
The aforementioned reservations notwithstanding, the GUE/NGL group supports the decision of the Council.
I therefore want to reiterate this.
This is in fact the only way, we are convinced, that we can work effectively to increase the stability of these regions and combat terrorism in the long term.
We will issue our study on Kosovo as part of our enlargement package in the autumn.
I hope you and we in this House will agree to call on the Member States not to apply these transitional provisions in any part of the Union, for if we believe that minimum safety standards are necessary, then these must apply in every part of the Community, because people and tourists have the same right to safety when they use a passenger ship in every part of the Community.
I believe, for the reasons I explained earlier, that this is unnecessary.
Madam President, honourable Members, I have talked for quite a long time, but I know that you are very committed to this matter.
Commissioner Liikanen will be well aware that production, particularly of malt whisky, for export is concentrated in the peripheral parts of Scotland: in the islands and in the glens of Strathspey and in other remote parts.
Mr President, first of all I want to express the support of my group, the European People's Party, for this proposal from the Commission to extend the two forest protection programmes in their dual role of prevention of atmospheric contamination and protection against fire.
In Europe we have the lowest rates for the past hundred years.
Mr President, on behalf of the Group of the European People' s Party/European Democrats, I would like to thank the rapporteur and to welcome this directive.
You can therefore imagine the extent to which we are in fact moving further and further away from it, in some way without any reaction, or moving further and further away from the most basic standards in this respect.
This is why he would like legislation which offers the financial markets opportunities to develop.

(EL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to bring to your attention the tragic development in the Middle East and the immediate need for swift and effective intervention.
in writing. - (PL) The proposed framework directive consolidates legal solutions in the area of soil protection policy that are contained in a fragmentary way in other legislation relating to waste management, the use of pesticides and environmental protection.
I have never believed it possible to have policies without adequate funding: we can then discuss how to or not to use those funds, but I have never seen a policy with no budget put into effect: miracles are always possible but I have not witnessed many.
We accept that this is a compromise package and there are some elements, particularly on Amendment 66, where we have reservations.
Madam President, I gladly concur with the previous speakers, Mr Patten and Mr Corrie.
Thirdly, will this not yet again give rise to a feeling that the long-term survival of the banks is guaranteed because our main problem, the state debt crisis, is not adequately being evaluated?
(FR) Mr President, we all want to make progress and successfully clamp down on counterfeiting, which is economically, socially and culturally unacceptable, and Mr Zingaretti has worked hard to come up with this compromise proposal.
Whilst most of us now have at least some understanding of the extent of the problem of climate change, many have not made the connection between climate change and biodiversity loss.
We know how difficult it is and we all know about the challenges, but we all know about the new hopes and we have clearly explained the situation.
In conclusion, I should like to welcome the Commission's proposal on the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly.
The Lisbon Strategy and the Lisbon Treaty have both ended in a fiasco.
The author of the report perceives helping employers as a need.
These people are heroes, fighters for the freedom of Belarus, but they have disappeared without trace or have been murdered.
A small country is not in a position to do this.
The diverse forms of mobility among workers and the rise in migration, which is probably inevitable, pose new challenges to which we must respond.
The report describes the way in which the Regulation is being applied - it is a stocktake - and it makes proposals.
However, since issues such as people trafficking and the sexual exploitation of children have such an international dimension, EU-level action may be appropriate.
I should like briefly to make three points.
The International Criminal Court's very existence is on the line, as destructive bilateral agreements undermine its raison d'être.
I am thinking in particular of the Council working groups.
Not the least of the achievements of the Italian presidency is that it was able to support, in their entirety, all the Commission's communication schemes.
Pensioners, whom I have the honour and the pleasure of representing, are among those who are most willing on these occasions to go and help the less fortunate victims of disasters.
At the same time, we will not have the discussion over rice which Korea had with the United States.
We now urgently call on the Commission and the Council to do likewise and to impose sanctions if diplomatic negotiations fail.
in writing. - (PT) I voted for the joint motion for a resolution on Burma because the dramatic situation in the country makes it essential to restore democracy and ensure respect for human rights as a matter of urgency.
Things like this should not be allowed to happen in Europe.
If Parliament has taken a decision that the majority may deem to have been unwise, it can be changed.
It is therefore clear that the judgment does not meet the criteria required by a state under the rule of law.
To that extent, we must declare our reservations.
Mr President, my job has not been easy given the Council's absence.
These new powers of the European Parliament are essential and represent a radical change in the European institutional procedure.
Future actions will take place within the stability pact for south-eastern Europe. A special regional environmental reconstruction plan is also being developed.
The internal market is incredibly important.
Above all, I hope that the new countries will say a hearty ‘yes’, because they have to understand that part of the ‘no’ was also directed at them.
This is something that will not unravel anything, nor will it upset balances in the final outcome.
Thus, the compromise amendment concerns lines B1­400, B1­401, B1­402, B1­4030, B1­404, B1­4050, B1­406, B1­4070, B1­408 and concerns a total amount of EUR 115 million, or, more precisely, it deducts EUR 115 million from the margin.
Finally, the Commission would like subsidies to be paid on the basis of the existing land registers.
We agreed to increase market access by reducing our support within the Union and reducing export subsidies.
My group also endorses Amendment No 55, which deals with a further differentiation in these areas.
Written statements (Rule 142)
It has been a longer day than usual, which has meant extra work for all the services of the House, who deserve our particular thanks.
That is the only way that control and protection mechanisms can have any effect.
I would like to address this comment to you personally, and I say this not because I wish to be controversial, but because I am firmly convinced that if we do not solve this issue it will lead to major problems.
- (CS) I consider the discussion on the extent and rate of improvements to environmental, social and other standards, along with the revision of European regulations, to be a key issue for resolving the economic recession which the European economy is now facing.
President-in-Office of the Council. (FI) Madam President, as well as decision-making it is obviously very important that we monitor implementation and also continuously monitor changes in the operational environment.
This change has already happened.
A second institutional issue still to be decided concerns the future operation of the presidency of the Council of Ministers.
The strength of the decisions lies in the fact that we have succeeded in closely interlinking climate and energy policy.
The Lisbon Agenda has started to bear fruit.
Obviously, Parliament's opinion is very important to us, not least in these final moments before the Stockholm Programme is adopted by the European Council.
It would also be desirable to set up a mechanism for consultation with non-governmental organisations.
This is an effort which corresponds to and obeys two key objectives of European energy policy.
That is true in particular for the creation of the necessary conditions for the payment of agricultural subsidies.
Much remains to be done, but we have made clear progress that has been driven forward by coordinated international commitments.
This will enable us to reinforce the gravitas of European legislation.
I look forward to more debates and to cooperating closely with you in future in the area of sport, including football.
in writing. - I voted 'no' to motion for a resolution RC7-0151/2010 submitted today for voting in Parliament for the same reason that we Greens did not vote for the Barroso II Commission: because of a lack of ambition.
Nor is the Commission able to accept the amendments which would extend the scope to cover toys destined for older children.
The Union's energy policy has a prominent place on the agenda this week, with six reports on energy to be debated, two of them legislative ones.
The Council asked the Commission to take into consideration the observations made by Member States during the debate on this approach.
We must reform this regulation, which is jamming Europe’s bureaucratic machinery, because it is the benchmark or expression of Europe’s pathologically proliferating bureaucracy.
By voting for the PPE-DE amendment, we will be failing to defend the independence of journalists doing their work, failing to support the Petitions Committee in its work, and failing to support the Ombudsman in his work.
Madam President, I would like to speak pursuant to Rule 6, in the first instance, and then, if you permit me, to Rule 7(4)(2), but I shall be brief and to the point.
If we genuinely adopt the approach that quality of social conditions and of the environment are central rather than secondary to growth and that is an essential factor in competitiveness, the most appropriate implementation instrument would appear to be the method of open coordination, although it does need to be strengthened and streamlined, as the report states, particularly as regards the involvement of the European Parliament, which, moreover, needs to be better, much better equipped in this regard.
Some of the Commission' s proposals as to how this should be done have now been tabled and Parliament must also give a detailed opinion on them.
The urban environment is something akin to a biosphere for the vast majority of European citizens.
(Applause from the right)
And it is not just any person who is saying it, but a person of weight, a significant and important person, one of the closest people to the Prime Minister of Israel.
As has already been mentioned, the European Council in Helsinki will once again deal with the question of the European Union' s relations with Turkey.
In the context of the Treaty of Amsterdam it is important that the second pillar issues are financed within the framework of the European budget.
In certain sectors we need to ensure a balance and equal treatment, and there should be transparency regardless of the country in which a merger takes place.
I can assure you that the citizens would not tolerate such a Union.
The awarding bodies will thus benefit from the proposals made, adopting electronic systems not just for the management of competitions and the receiving of bids but for the actual auctions too.
Unfortunately state subsidies cannot be done away with immediately, so we must instead ensure that when such subsidies are provided, they take place in a predictable and transparent fashion.
The benefit derived from Europol stands in direct proportion to the number of crimes solved, in which context it can be said that the support provided by Europol has taken the work forward.
So why does it need to be put off until December?
   . Mr President, the situation we have had to cope with since 1 January of this year is a paradoxical one.
Which expert, though?
Finally, we have to give Haiti the resources to emerge from the dependency that was already undermining it even before the earthquake.
The government must introduce fundamental reforms to allow normal political and economic development, reforms which will lead to a market economy, democratisation of civil life and observance of citizens' rights.
Today, the arguments about the numbers of refugees still remaining in the area are more heated than ever.
Two processes are discussed, but I believe that three processes need to be talked about, namely the economic process, the employment process and the process of social inclusion.
The aim is thus to enable the SIS to be an even more important instrument in the fight against crime.
The change we are proposing in Amendment No 22 is so that we can get such a development.
The Commission therefore feels unable to accept the amendment.
We are of the opinion that this is something that the Committee on Budgetary Control must continue to examine and look at next year.
Greater consumer confidence in the range of products crowding onto the market stimulates demand.
I hope, Commissioner, that you will reply to these points when you sum up.
All the same, I would point out that, today, we have 26 different sets of regulations.
The company continued to lose market share and the advertising agency said: 'you are still not spending enough money'.
Ladies and gentlemen, in this predicament what is at stake is our credibility - the credibility of a European Parliament whose prerogatives, powers and representative status are unknown to the European public, or at least not seen by the public in their true light.
Apart from two exceptions, today's proposals say nothing of solidarity, equal opportunities, social balance or public participation.
With the tonnages of contaminated material which were exported to mainland Europe from the United Kingdom, it was quite obvious that a few cases would appear.
We are unable to support the report, even though it contains certain positive features as regards the need for the EU to seek, through its action, to support the struggle for human rights.
It has come to my notice that some people do not even know about this principle's existence.
Madam President, fellow Members, the crisis in Kosovo - a consequence of the fibrillation to which the former Yugoslav world is still prey - risks, as in the case of Bosnia, turning into a tragedy, with its resulting ethnic cleansing and counter-cleansing.
I am also very pleased that some of the authors of the petition are here in the Chamber, and are sitting in the gallery.
Sometimes we forget that the key to epidemics and to prevention lies in the individual behaviour of each and every citizen and, of course, in the local, basic and fundamental structures.
And waste, whether we like it or not, represents goods and must be treated as such, even if we regulate the aspects which may affect the environment.
Twenty to thirty per cent of world industrial timber production is illegal, as is 60% of the harvesting that has taken place in Africa over the last 10 years.
This is a political subject we will have to face in the near future, because the approach and the choices so far made are not satisfactory.
That is the only way to gain the public's endorsement of legal immigration.
Of course, it knows no frontiers when the wind decides to blow.
We need to come to an agreement with the Council here, because the fund will obviously have to be financed by the Member States, even if we want to provide aid this year without calling up new funds.
The situation is different in the case of equipment that is designed to produce fields, such as broadcasting transmitters.
I am certainly looking forward to hearing the contributions which Members have to make in ensuring that the Northern Dimension, which has begun so well, can go on from strength to strength, particularly after the enlargement of the Union.
We need a transparent, multi-level regulation mechanism, based on healthy morality, which would serve the general public.
The recent inclusion of a section on employment in the Treaty of Amsterdam represents an important basis for the construction of a coordinated strategy between Member States to achieve a high level of employment.
Companies generate jobs, people generate jobs.
Sandbæk recommendation (A4-0379/97)
In those countries of the European Union which are always hot in summer - in other words, all of Southern Europe - are fire lanes envisaged at all?
It is a revolution for the present because of the lesson it has taught us, because Europe has given a lesson in democracy.
The EU is losing the competition war to the USA, China and India.
Firstly, we must not disregard - and I would like to thank the Swedish Presidency once again - the great progress made in resolving the sticking points of the social guidelines.
In connection with the recent reports, the presidency issued the following statement this afternoon, and I quote: ' The presidency is continuing to receive reports of violations of human rights and international humanitarian law committed in the area controlled by the Alliance of Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Congo-Zaire, the ADFL.
The government's mandate ended on 4 June, and therefore Nino Vieira, as President-elect, has the legitimate power - but greater responsibility - to promote a cease-fire, dialogue and negotiation.
Parliament is of the opinion that, in view of the size of its budget and the complexity of its tasks, the Joint Undertaking should establish an audit committee, reporting directly to the Governing Board.
Furthermore, assistance must also be provided for persons with restricted mobility, and this, from the time of booking; today, thanks to the Internet, there is a need for return journeys and official information.
This is a black day for Europe.
There are Member States in which such protection is completely absent.
Sometimes the citizens of the EU feel as if Europe and its institutions are very remote.
Is the voice of the people being listened to?
As far as supervision is concerned, I agree with those here who have demanded that the level of supervision be comparable throughout Europe and that it is not sufficient to have a working system of supervision in Great Britain alone.
I am therefore especially glad that, at the summit on Friday, under Points 66 and 67 of the Conclusions, you asked the Commission to put these matters at the forefront of its communication strategy.
We want sport to have a social function.
This means that the Treaty of Lisbon is dead, and I do not understand why we are discussing it today in this context.
I am sure that you will not fall into this crude trap, that you will assume your full political responsibilities towards your electorate and that as a result you will refuse to grant a discharge to the Commission in respect of the implementation of the budget for the 1996 financial year.
The Commission has actually used OLAF in a similar way.
Our aim remains common, but our approach may be somewhat different.
In the future, the EU must present a united front and speak with one voice to Moscow so as to build up the political pressure.
We need more transparent and balanced global trade governance and, on this point, Commissioner, we await an integrated proposal for 'globalisation with a European face' which will take account of the changes already made and of the link between the commercial and economic dimension for a transparent, democratic and efficient Europe in the world at this time of crisis.
Pursuant to the Council's guidelines, after operating for five years the Research Fund for Coal and Steel was reviewed this year.
The EU plays an important role in this region and already has shared competences in a number of areas, as well as exclusive ones such as fisheries.
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Reul's report is a very good and thorough report and I congratulate him on it.
That is precisely the reason for this own-initiative report.
I was the rapporteur for the ERTMS.
Intergovernmentalism and lack of transparency is not the way to convince European citizens of our determination to win the war against organized crime.
An important factor which needs to be considered is that young people are one of the social groups hit hard by the global economic crisis.
The EU is thus not weakening development and the establishment of a viable agricultural sector in developing countries; quite the contrary.
We want clear rights of redress where people have been misled and we want compensation for them.
We are in a position to gauge how far we have come.
President Ivanov has helped to add momentum to Macedonia's EU ambitions, and we hope his request to meet the newly re-elected President of Greece will be reciprocated in the spirit of friendship and neighbourhood relationships.
Finally, I hope that both Eurostat and the Eurobarometer will play a major role in this innovative process.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her very valuable report.
I have no doubt that this was no accident, no oversight and I find it deeply regrettable.
A contact committee was the obvious answer.
That is why I am tabling two amendments to our resolution.
You commented on this at the beginning of the debate.
In principle, it can cater for the contracting-out that concerns you so much, and case law will apply in all these situations.
Iran is executing young men and women as a means of social control.
In category 4 the picture is more mixed as has been noted by a few speakers.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, chemical substances which make their way into the environment could be a possible cause of endocrine disruptions.
There is no ambiguity in this respect.
Hitherto, nothing has been done to implement the idea of bringing the various parliaments closer together!
The Social Democrats were in the overwhelming majority in Europe for such a very long time, and 15 years down the line we will find out that they accomplished nothing and that they are responsible for increased radicalisation on the political fringes in Europe.
There are also compromise amendments, namely those relating to automatic information exchange, data protection and confidentiality, and to the exchange of information with third countries.
The power of the plutocracy will not change with more women in the institutions that serve it.
For some of us, female and male, these constitute a necessary instrument, and thus we feel the point must be made that the European Union ought to follow the Norwegian example of applying measures to increase the numbers of female board members of public utilities to at least 40%, and use regulations to impose a 40% quota of female representation on boards of private companies.
It needs, then, to be said today that the absolute majority of all sales personnel and brokers do their work in a proper way; otherwise the insurance business would not be flourishing and justifying the trust placed in it by its customers.
I believe it is essential for civil servants to be accountable to the general public.
It is in fact rather idealistic in this day and age to believe that, after years of studying and working in Europe, a citizen of a third country might spontaneously decide to return to a country lacking in adequate social structures and systems.
Such a thing is an absurdity, and one we are not prepared to go along with.
I should like to ask you, as a member of the Bureau, to raise it in the Bureau, because it is very important to treat this House with some kind of dignity.
The advantages she envisages in the draft statute for European political parties completely escape us.
As the world expects something a little better from the European Union since we are an economic giant, it is extremely dangerous that the Council is this invisible.
However, let us not talk about that bad possibility, until it happens.
Although the vast majority of the political movements in Slovenia still claim to be in favour of joining the European Union, this does not always mean that any joint momentum is achieved: the people do not seem to be fully involved in working towards this aim, as is shown by the information campaign, which gives the impression - rather significantly, I feel - that it has just got off the ground and is a touch feeble.
We all know that farming families must in future be given more new opportunities for income security.
All these things have to be sorted out if the project is to be proceeded with in a serious way.
I am voting for the report by Mr Fernandes on Parliament's budget, and I would congratulate him on the tremendous work that he has done.
The Galileo programme must be successful and send out a positive signal from Europe concerning an ambitious space policy.
She cannot ignore her responsibilities.
Now we are told by Mr Byrne that we need just a few extra days of discussions.
It is probably the branch of industry that most clearly creates both economic and environmental value.
This clearly illustrates the need to fund forest fire prevention measures that will preserve the EU’s rich and extensive forest heritage, particularly in southern Member States and the Mediterranean fringe, which are affected by such fires every year.
It is reasonable to ask why the Council reached a view before Parliament was asked for an opinion.
If we manage that, we will have achieved much for Europe.
Firstly, the problem of illegal immigration.
The proportion of international mail as compared to domestic mail is only 5 % for France, 6 % for Germany and 7 % in Italy, but rises to 12 % for Great Britain and 25 % for the Netherlands.
The crucial question of teacher training, which is very different in our diverse countries, is completely left to one side, as is a concern which seems to us fundamental, that of the future of general education in our different European countries.
That is why we shall support that amendment.
   . Mr President, thank you.
Moreover, these traditional barometers have an unlimited lifespan, unlike their digital successors, which work on batteries and therefore use energy.
He promised a series of measures from the Commission to deal with the sexual exploitation of children within the European Union, to combat sex tourism and to arrange the close monitoring of paedophile networks both on the ground and on the Internet.
Transparency of procedures is also important.
Mr President, this is a very serious matter.
Sadly, this is not the case.
The differentiation taking place is only acceptable on the assumption that programmes on behalf of the countries excluded, especially Romania and Bulgaria which have serious problems, will be strengthened.
Similarly, adult stem cells are also showing promising potential.
I would stress the need for a development aid policy involving the signing of agreements with third countries to effectively manage migration.
It is regrettable that they had a vain hope and that they have now been completely evicted from their home and, not only that, have been removed from the immediate area of their home, where they were staying in a tent.
In this context, I should like to draw the attention of the House to a project currently under consideration: the connection of the French and Spanish electricity grids through a high-voltage line of 400 000 volts across the Pyrenees. This project was approved at Essen.
That would not be in the interest of consumers.
We still need new measures throughout the Community and the Member States.
As no agreement was possible with the Commission, the committee has had to reiterate its position, so we are dealing here not with a new report, where Rule 52(3) may be applied again, but with the confirmation of the first report.
Once we take our places, all MEPs are equal and all of us have to respect the Rules.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, honourable Commissioners, the report that we have before us is, I feel, an impressive work.
We face a giant strategic crisis.
It would be a mistake for a policy to be managed solely by an advertising agency and not implemented at grass roots level in consultation with the citizens directly concerned.
On the contrary, we would simply be giving carte blanche to non-qualified practitioners.
Mr President, the acceptance by the different parties of the Roadmap has followed a tremendous wave of violence in the region and unfortunately this is a relatively normal and well-known pattern.
(Applause)
The Wortmann-Kool, Feio and Goulard report discuss the use of sanctions at length as the main tools required to prevent a country from reaching dangerous deficit and debt levels, and the scenarios that arise when these countries ignore the various warnings issued to them on their dire fiscal situation.
A presidential pardon would demonstrate a commitment to democracy and human rights, which would enhance the international credibility of the Philippines.
(PL) The Erasmus Mundus programme, which is intended to spread intercultural understanding and promote the European Union through its very good results in education, is not accessible to young people in Belarus.
In view of the cancellation of the debate on Mr Guidoni's report on the European Research Area, as the rapporteur for the Socialist Group I would like to explain the reasons why we voted in favour of it.
Everything depends of course upon how the reconstruction is organised.
At Liege I appealed to the Member States to pay particular attention to three aspects which seem to me crucial at this juncture. Firstly, the problem of supplying small traders in advance.
We want to increase the competitiveness of the economy, fulfil the Lisbon objectives, maintain the cohesion policy, finance enlargement, and solve the statistical problems concerning the flows to the poorest regions of the current 15 Member States.
To use the language of political opposites, it is not a question of consumer interests in the spirit of the theory of class struggle, but a definition of the consumer as it is used in business where total quality management is the order of the day.
I have also backed amendments calling for stronger animal welfare protection.
Our main criticism is that the Act is contrary to international law.
We shall not take part in that kind of game.
This directive allows for the fast-tracking of traditional medicinal herbs, which is most welcome.
Against this background, then, we need to talk about costs, since that is what our debate is focusing on today.
That is why, despite all this commitment, many of them are still failing to achieve the positive results which we consider necessary.
Ladies and gentlemen, I do not have much more time, but there were a number of specific points raised that I should like to deal with.
- the oral question by Giuseppe Gargani, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs, to the Commission on the involvement of the European Parliament in the work of the Hague Conference following the accession of the Community (O-0076/2006 B6-0324/2006).
Going beyond that issue, the problems concerning the use of stem cells of embryonic origin and the use of human embryos for research are, as you know, the subject of assessments which vary considerably according to people' s sensibilities and convictions.
Thus, the British Minister for Agriculture, Mr Cunningham, has appeared before your committee, and today, I am pleased to note the presence here of the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Fernand Boden.
I would therefore be against suspending the whole process.
The question now is what the Commission, and particularly President Barroso, will make of it.
A lot has happened since then, however, and the situation has changed.
This is basically cosmetics - things to boost people's egos, making a huge amount of money for the industry.
I would like to ask you to participate fully in this debate, explaining that this is not about a centrally imposed diktat.
Even the Commission knows that it is ridiculous, and is trying to dupe Parliament, to create a precedent, and that is how we too see things.
There are doubts as to whether we have at our disposal sufficient capacity and sufficient personnel to guarantee the comprehensive monitoring that will be necessary.
The market must be able to function, of course.
The way in which the aid is organised is a very instructive example of the Union's political and administrative practices, and there is an important element here of familiarising countries with what future membership of the Union will entail.
Flanders has an expenditure of 12 % against 19 % in Wallonia.
The proposal is free of the confusion and uncertainty which would exist if the provisions of the original proposal for the selective taking into account of previous convictions and offences had been adopted, but retains the obligation of the Member State not to take account of convictions handed down in another Member State where the principle of non bis in idem, limitation or amnesty are infringed.
The European Union must take more active measures to combat poverty and social exclusion, paying particular attention to people in precarious employment, the unemployed, families, elderly people, women, single mothers, disadvantaged children and people who are ill or who are able-bodied to varying degrees.
We also regret the need but welcome the fact that the UN Department of Peace-Keeping Operations has set up a special investigative team to look at the cases of sexual abuse and exploitation perpetrated by some of its own members in the UN organising mission in the DRC, particularly in Bunia.
I am talking about accountability, responsibility, to ensure that the financial market is a long-term patient financing power to our long-term investment needs for more jobs and better jobs.
We have a duty to ascertain whether abuse and torture have been committed throughout Europe.
Profits will be privatised and losses will be borne by the public and circulated throughout the entire euro area.
I voted in favour of this recommendation as I believe that the scope of this regulation should be able to be extended to the territory of any Member State about to join the euro.
The Commissioner claims that there is a connection between obesity and breast cancer; there is also one with having children late in life.
This is where we need the actions to converge.
For this reason, it is a step in the right direction when the Commission seeks so-called operational compatibility within the railways sector.
The Union has urged Turkey to adopt such a law promptly and ensure that it is fully compliant with European standards.
A third area of concern which was addressed in the opinion of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy was that of the Scandinavian countries in particular over multiple classes of shares.
We need urgent action to supply essential drugs and equipment, to strengthen water-quality control, to support and monitor nutrition programmes, to train health workers and conduct health education programmes.
If properly organised, this ‘box’ should become the instrument that the producers’ organisations currently lack for dealing with the ups and downs of the market.
The Libyan refugees are a different matter: Europe should support Italy in the identification and logistics management operations, but, above all, must work to ensure that refugees are hosted in all Member States.
They carry a fairly high responsibility in the misfortunes of Algeria, which do not go back to 1992, but to 1962.
Had we done that, and had Prime Minister Blair done that, I think the situation in Iraq, for example, would have been completely different.
In a Europe which claims to want to protect the consumer and which talks of quality and authenticity labels, here we have a common position from the Council which aims to change the nature of what has, up to now, been a quality product, namely chocolate, rather than upset the food multinationals.
The European Union is in favour of a strong resolution to maintain pressure on the parties in the Sudan.
There is ample proof of the profitability of Community intervention in favour of this fleet. For every euro we invest as a Community in this fishery we get three back in business terms.
In line with the precautionary principle in the field of health and the environment, the Commission's proposal aims firstly to toughen up the risk assessment to be carried out before authorisation for the release of GMOs is given and, secondly, to improve the chances of identifying and monitoring GMOs so that the competent authorities can react immediately and appropriately in the event of acute risk.
   Mr President, this information is only for my PPE-DE colleagues, as there were some minor problems with the first amendment.
It points out an important aspect in development aid that the Commission should, in my opinion, seriously consider.
The next action plan must focus on a general European animal welfare law, on a European centre for animal welfare and animal health, on better enforcement of existing legislation, on the relationship between animal health and public health, and on new technologies.
Some standard features of terrestrial banking, like applying the money-laundering provisions by looking your depositor in the eye to ask where her or his money came from, require fresh thought in an e-depositing world.
The existing Community instruments naturally complement the measures taken by the Member States and the Commission’s proposal is to streamline the existing instruments in the field.
I would gladly commend the plan and funding of this option to the Council, the Commission and EU Member States in order to protect the fundamental rights of the people of Belarus.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, the Commission wishes to thank the European Parliament for its constructive support and welcomes the good compromise reached.
Since we are discussing the budget and our contribution, we have to look into our souls, and I very much hope that the Commissioner will give us an adequate response to the concerns I am expressing about this issue.
The Commission is determined to play an active role in these negotiations and to further international development objectives.
Weapons can never be treated like other products and must be strictly controlled at international, European and national level.
   . Mr President, China is once again the subject of debate in this House, and I fear that this will not be the last time that we deal with this issue.
The British Prime Minister, Mr Blair, formally declared to us in this very Chamber his desire to work for the common good of Europe, to go beyond national self-interests and to take European integration forward during his Presidency.
As far as his approach is concerned, I consider his actions to be the responsible actions of a statesman who, as long as he felt a measure of legal uncertainty, waited for the opinion of the relevant institution, which was the court.
It is important that we have effective binding limits for carcinogens, mutagens and substances toxic for reproduction.
I should like to highlight two points in particular.
Today we have been discussing what we need to prevent and combat, and that is the circulation and distribution of child pornography, which has been increasing at an alarming rate.
Twenty years ago, a wall came tumbling down, a wall of concrete but one full of prejudices, tyranny and hunger for so many citizens of the East, and today we should stop celebrating the fall of the Wall and ask ourselves instead what we should do now that it has gone.
We emphasise in the agenda a strong and open Europe, which is correct.
However, nor are we at the stage we were at before Copenhagen, because in Copenhagen, we did reach a targeted agreement with the United States, China, India, South Africa and Brazil, to which other countries later signed up, such as Russia, Australia, Norway, Sweden and Spain.
As a consequence of climate change and human intervention with deforestation and over-farming, more and more of the world is becoming a desert.
Particular attention also needs to be paid to safeguarding equal opportunities for participants.
They must appreciate that for a great many people in Europe and for a large majority of people in many European countries abortion is a serious crime.
We must not underestimate the technical and conceptual problems which would certainly be raised by the establishment of a framework directive either.
That means that the precise case described in the Rules of Procedure did not apply.
It is a Europe that is able to win not just the minds but also the hearts of the people.
They may lose business, be prevented from attending funerals and so on. Members of this Parliament who frequently have to use air transport in order to travel between Brussels, Strasbourg and their own regions are particularly aware of such inconvenience and of the resulting loss of time.
We cannot accept that we live in brutal market economies we must strive to bring about a socially sensitive Europe.
Transparency alone could, in this area, be useful for the whole population, and would force large companies to make their accounts available to all.
In the context of the crisis, this strategy designates new areas that must be focused on in addressing the weak sides of Europe within the framework for the surveillance of macro-financial and structural problems.
Have you wondered if all the citizens have this facility, even if certain international federations have complied with this and allow these international events to be broadcast free to air?
Attempts have been made to discredit scientists, the opinions of minorities have been trivialized and the WTO has been used as a tool.
And then there is another attitude - the attitude of certain Members who would like to delay the proceedings, even for such an important debate as this.
This is a sign of concrete solidarity.
As 71% of the Earth's surface is covered with water, it really does make sense to try and develop an integrated maritime policy.
As long as we have these huge differences in tax and social security and we still get up to all kinds of tricks when it comes to recognising diplomas and certificates, a great many job opportunities will be lost in border areas, both now and in the future.
All the Member States, the Council, and the Commission were in agreement when they created the bird and habitat protection Directive.
Naturally, the citizens’ opinion of the economic situation, their confidence in it and in political and economic leaders goes much further than simply whether or not there has been abuse in the rounding up of certain prices.
The report I bring to Parliament today on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism is of great interest to the people of the European Union.
It can be manoeuvred and yet it is large, like the European Union.
It is therefore a matter of urgency, Commissioner, for you to heed Parliament's requests and for us to quickly amend the Treaty so as to guarantee this legal certainty, which is necessary in order to respond effectively to the difficult economic circumstances we are facing.
On this basis, we can only welcome the efforts made by the European Union and by a number of Member States substantially to increase development aid.
It must therefore be given greater access to information, and this requires the Member States to be more cooperative.
   The debate is closed.
I will not abuse the opportunity to speak but I thank you for it, and I want to say that I support innovation in relation to ageing.
My question is this: is it possible to carry out the Kosovo operation without taking funds away from other credit lines in our budget?
We are in favour of the development of life sciences, biotechnology and, more broadly, of science in general.
The battle we are waging here is for transparency and propriety, not only for the sake of assistants but for Parliament itself and its working methods, to ensure dignity and guaranteed rights for all.
In this way we will manage to find a conclusion on this issue.
I would like to praise Commissioner Kinnock for his reforms at the Commission, although there has been one blind spot.
I also think that the same Members who criticised the Commission should have at least stayed in the Chamber to listen to the answers provided by the Commissioners and the Council.
Mr President, Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou asked me about liquidity.
Why can we not talk of sport as sport?
For four days we discussed and debated them constantly until four in the morning.
(PT) Although there are aspects of this report with which I agree, I feel I must draw attention to what I would describe as the appropriation of a report - on the situation of human rights in the world, of all things - as a tool of political coercion.
This is a common language in this Parliament.
Everyone is aware that this situation calls for cooperation at global level.
I am delighted that Mrs Rühle has done such a great job on the EDF report.
Nevertheless, I should like to emphasise the lack of resources, which endangers the future existence of a balanced cohesion policy that on the one hand does not ignore the cohesion deficit that still exists in today's European Union of fifteen and on the other, that is equal to the task of the greatest challenge ever set for the process of European integration.
Terrorism needs to be addressed by a range of policy instruments, only one of which is military force.
This brings me to one of the key points in your report and resolution.
We have to open our borders and reach an agreement with the European agricultural sectors, and not one behind their backs.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (SV) Mr President, the EU extends its reach into more and more areas.
The ongoing preparation of the 10th EDF Water Facility identifies in particular the potential offered by public water operators, who provide over 90% of water and sanitation services globally.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the problem of Tibet is now in the news more than ever.
If it was, this new instrument would become ineffective, seeing as its exact aim is to prevent development funds from being used for other purposes.
I came here from outside the institutions, observed with great curiosity the type of administrative structure in place, and I have to say that we need to discuss the basic philosophy of this administration.
Naturally, we expect Member States to target that aid on the areas most in need at national level and it is up to them to identify those areas.
The Council has called for restraint and calm in the wake of these tragic events.
I should like to start by saying as has been said, although slightly differently, that necessity offers opportunities.
We did not vote in favour of this report.
Every day, in fact, hundreds of jobs disappear in the wake of relocations and of numerous restructuring measures, although these jobs, of course, are axed more discreetly.
It is the only way we can secure the development of an EU that does not work against its citizens, but acts for them and upholds their rights.
The procedure chosen is a very complicated one and will make it very difficult for international organisations to help defend the rights of these persons who have been wrongly imprisoned.
I am surprised by the proposals which have been made in this Chamber, according to which the way to repair the present, very difficult, situation is to repeat our mistakes.
We therefore intend to ask for a separate vote on this tomorrow, in order to ensure that the directive can at least be discussed again through the conciliation procedure.
Decision on urgency
The report is quite right to draw attention to the importance of respect for human rights and civil liberties.
The public, the Commission and the Council are awaiting the decision of this Parliament, and there is an awareness everywhere of how important this House really is.
We must mobilise more resources for research and development, with greater focus on the automobile sector, and we must also, of course, mobilise more financial resources from the European Investment Bank.
Indeed, as regards the effects upon human health that have occurred in terms of cancer and other sicknesses, much more could and should have been done.
Since it is essential in all this that we have proper inspection and monitoring of what is going on, this is going to be tightened up and assurances have been made that any transporters who offend against European regulations on these matters will instantly lose their licences for transportation.
This applies primarily to the proposal seeking to give the bodies responsible for issuing and studying permits the opportunity to access the data contained in the SIS.
   Mr President, I congratulate the rapporteur on her sustained efforts to achieve compromise amendments and, through the necessary contacts, to accomplish a compromise text.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in a few more weeks liberalization of the telecommunications market will be a fact in most of the Member States of the European Union.
Let us remember the unacceptable example of the 'ad hoc' Court established for the former Yugoslavia.
I was shocked to hear some of the comments that were made about her personally and I in no way subscribe to them.
However, such measures also imply the need, in the context of international trade, to take the necessary actions to protect industry in the Member States, especially in the case of the more vulnerable areas such as textiles and clothing.
So we know how the directive is to be complied with. It will quite simply not be complied with at all.
'Hand in hand for peace' : that was the theme of the Adep demonstration scheduled to take place on 1 September in Ankara.
How can we emphasise the importance of supporting regional integration organisations created by the ACP countries, while not respecting existing groupings in the negotiations and also knowing that, in the negotiations as they are currently conducted, we cannot take account of the interests of countries of different sizes and different levels of development?
I should like to address special thanks, however, to the Commission for its open and forthcoming cooperation with me and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, which was instrumental in bringing about this very positive outcome.
You will gather from my introductory remarks that I am somewhat sceptical about this directive.
This has to do with holiday periods in Europe and is related to the timing of the decision.
What conclusion do we need to draw?
Regarding the specific question raised about the discrimination of pupils with special needs: according to the information I have, no discrimination was discovered, but there was just the question of how to cover all costs for this particular case.
These issues must be taken care of by the respective Member State.
So consumers are not unfavourable to this project, but they do have to have security, and it is a worry if there are not sufficient safeguards for the management and checking of the mandate of direct debits.
The Commission will act as the guardian of the treaties and would be ready to act if the basic foundations of these projects are called into question.
In my view, the Committee on Women's Rights could produce for the plenary sessions more concrete draft resolutions than these on what the committees should be doing.
It thereby reflects the increasing importance of radio spectrum in the context of Community policy objectives which depend on the availability and efficient management of frequencies as a vital resource for the provision of economically and socially important wireless usage in electronic communications, transport, broadcasting and so on.
Trying to find non-chemical alternatives in sensitive areas, such as habitats of rare flora and fauna, is also an approach that should be supported unreservedly.
I believe we have successfully integrated their concerns into this common position.
It is our duty to take care of and ultimately also to enforce their right to mobility.
In addition, if the central authorities in the Member State of residence are going to decide not to go ahead and apply the financial sanctions imposed by the Member State in which the offence took place, this must be reported to the European Commission without fail.
I was also much relieved that 15 months of uncertainty and dissent threatening the Union’s finances had been brought to an end in this way.
The Commission is now focussing its attention on the report which it will submit in 2010 - next year - as the Council has requested.
Here, Croatia will rely on our help, and it goes without saying that the Commission is prepared to grant Croatia the same support and advice that it has provided over the last few years to the countries which are due to accede on 1 May.
On the other, this means, when compared with the draft budget, that we are giving out EUR 200 million, even though the estimated upper limit has a margin of EUR 2.6 billion.
If you continue to govern in any form, you should make a clear stand for ratification.
In Category 3, internal policies, the emphasis is again on employment and growth-creating expenditure: the employment and growth initiative of the European Parliament, the Fifth Research Programme and the reinforcement of the trans-European networks.
Economic growth in Central and Eastern Europe continues to be above the EU average.
We also need to clarify the obligation of transparency in risk calculations and on the disclosure of off-balance-sheet vehicles.
Before I invite Mr Solana to open the debate I should like to place on the record, on behalf of the House, my thanks to Mr Solana and Commissioner Patten, both of whom have made particular arrangements to be available for this debate today, also with the Spanish presidency.
The budget discharge procedure is very important for defending the European Union's financial interests, for ensuring better management of European Union finances and more transparent and responsible European Union handling of taxpayers' money.
The Commission has helped to foster network-creation between eminent specialists in the field.
Madam President, may I be allowed to ask one or two supplementaries?
Madam President, I must first of all thank the House for its good wishes for my health.
Secondly, the experiment has been positive inasmuch as it has brought about changes of an all but structural nature in some countries in the space of six years.
Throughout this period I kept in constant contact with Parliament and I had the opportunity to meet all of the Members of the Council, except those Heads of Government of countries in which elections were held recently.
Madam President, Commissioner, I fully endorse what Mrs Lepage has said and I would ask the following question: is it an opportunity or a predictable ecological disaster?
You will allow me, in a Europe where thought crimes are on the increase, and where claims of national preference are equated with discrimination, legitimate discussions of aspects of history with revisionism, rejection of communitarism…
European citizens rightly expect that the EU, while guaranteeing respect for fundamental freedoms and rights, will take more effective joint action on cross-border problems such as illegal migration and trafficking in human beings, as well as on terrorism and organised crime.
30.
Malta is entering the accession negotiations.
You have to take this on board and bear it in mind.
In this light, I hope the Commission will reiterate its support for the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative.
The last question I would like to raise here is the continuing high number of complaints from European citizens concerning the enforcement of Community law by public authorities in the Member States.
But our most important demand in terms of action against future epidemics is that emergency vaccination should be regarded as the recourse of first choice, the object being to allow the animals to live on and assess products from them on a regional basis.
The various proposals drawn up by the Presidency on the specific policies of the third part of the draft Constitutional Treaty have been the subject of in-depth discussion.
When it comes to studying the new COMs, as we shall have to do, I hope the same arguments, which I have stated here as contradictions, will be taken into consideration. We are always being told there are financial problems, so we cannot increase our budgets.
If we cannot win that then we must look at reform of GATT to ensure that trade, important though it is, does not take precedence over every other consideration such as animal welfare, protection of the environment and the wellbeing of our peoples.
We are giving the Commission a chance to prove that it is different from the old Commission.
The EU must take the lead in the UN and must pursue these goals through EU development cooperation.
If it happens, accession will come at some point at the end of the next decade, but the opportunity, the prospect, of seeing this great country become a normal Western democracy is a peace dividend that we must not cast aside.
So I share your approach to have a more coordinated European plan, namely to get out of this crisis and to build this kind of smart green growth we want; but at the same time we have to accept that we have 27 national budgets, we have 27 finance ministers, we have 27 national banks apart from our European Central Bank, and it is very important to reinforce the euro and to have economic policies and financial policies that are sustainable.
Last month the Commission empowered itself to demand of this House a vote of confidence through the censure route.
The answer normally has to be approved by the Bureau.
Those States that do comply feel that there is no incentive to continue and those that do not comply do not feel any pressure to change their ways.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, Commissioner Barrot's response was very disappointing.
It is important, as a first stage, that those who have strong views on those matters, including the honourable gentleman who clearly does, should concentrate efforts on persuading the governments within the European Union to support a strong code.
Firstly, Mr McMillan-Scott raised the issue of funding a chamber for the Palestinian Council.
You are right when you say that.
The European Union could not substitute itself for the mining company for any compensation payments due.
Italy has had the most fearful crisis of competitiveness, with its unit labour costs increasing by 40% compared to Germany.
The public must become active players rather than mere passive spectators, as is still too often the case.
Lastly – and most importantly – the procedure is no longer in any way politicised because it no longer involves governments, but only the justice system.
There is now justifiable concern about the way Iraq deploys weapons of mass destruction and makes them widely available.
Nor is that the aim.
Let me remind you that the Berlin decision on Agenda 2000 was taken on exactly the same day as the outbreak of war in Kosovo.
We are not in fact without rights now.
This is the way to safeguard consumer confidence in the food chain.
We should be under no illusion that in time co-financing of the CAP will inevitably lead to its renationalisation.
We are a continent of ideas.
Is it not strange that the European Union has dialogue with Asia and Latin America at the level of Heads of State and Government, but not with Africa?
The European Union is dedicated to supporting China's transition to an open society based upon the rule of law and full respect for human rights.
The Community Code is the first instrument in the field of asylum, immigration, visas and borders to be subject to codecision with Parliament.
It should simply provide the added value that comes from coordination, which only requires slim administrations and limited resources.
(Applause from the right)
The Mediterranean Union also raises questions in my mind.
I request that everything should be extended to include the Sandjak of Novi Pazar and the rights of that population.
Has the Commission taken these disaster scenarios seriously?
To do this, the questions asked in the second report need to be looked at in much greater detail.
Here, the procedures in the Member States are utterly different.
On the basis of the information submitted by the Member States, our impression is that, although some results have been achieved, the situation remains unsatisfactory concerning both criminal proceedings and assistance to victims, which is of particular importance.
Our reaction, apart from today's question, is the resolution that I hope we shall pass tomorrow, on which we have achieved a good compromise and which, I think, expresses the majority view in the House.
Now we have our second honoured speaker, Jacques Delors.
Do not try to put everything in one basket and use renewable sources of energy like a big curtain to cover the truth, which is that a large proportion of European citizens feel anything from reservations to opposition to the use of nuclear energy and that cannot be made to disappear with a magic wand.
When the EU signs commercial, economic and cooperation agreements with third countries, it really must enforce the human rights clauses with great determination, which is something it has not done up to now.
I believe that all the other institutions need to follow suit, to ensure greater transparency and accountability.
Russia has a political crisis, and that has continued since the country changed direction.
Mr President, I must say I have been listening to this debate on the regulation for the flower sector with increasing amazement and that even the liberals have claimed that this regulation is needed, not just needed but that a substantial amount of money should be pumped into it!
In documented cases of minority and human rights violations such as this, the European Parliament has a duty to consider the facts and not the self-justifying statements made by the relevant Serb politicians, who are implicated in these incidents.
What are the real risks, in particular the risk of absorption when we use these products; and what are the risks of alternative products?
There is currently far too much apathy, far too much leniency, and mass regularisations of illegal immigrants have put the entire Schengen concept at risk.
A start could be made, for example, by setting up specialist working groups or platforms for exchanging experiences and harmonising national strategies.
We do not feel that Turkey's membership is either realistic or opportune for many reasons.
These are the reasons why the European Parliament should support the report on football, because it is universally accepted that this would mean a change of positions and status quo predicated on protecting sport from hooliganism, racism and xenophobia, drug use and equal treatment for small and big clubs in the management of Community rights and in highlighting talent without engaging in the trade of importing minors from third countries.
(DE) Mr President, economic governance as it is being developed here focuses solely on savings and competition policy.
Although we have to define our position on certain points raised in the amendments in more detail, the report undoubtedly represents a step forward, on clarity in particular and on safety.
Not only for Mr Juncker, but also for the whole of the Luxembourg Presidency, for the Minister for Foreign Affairs, for the Minister for European Affairs, for the diplomats and for the experts.
Finally, I should like to focus on the importance this has for development cooperation.
She knows what she is talking about.
Macao has its own identity and lies in an area which is very different from China, giving us twice as many opportunities to become closer.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I share with the rapporteur the idea that the huge problems still present today in Afghanistan should be approached in a new way, in other words with a different definition of priorities compared to what has been done so far.
The question I put to each and every one of us is: ‘Can Europe be governed by 25 different governments, or has the moment perhaps been reached when European strategy regarding foreign policy, security and energy should have a single decision-making centre in order to be able to deal in a timely and consistent manner with the challenges now thrown up by the fast-moving modern world?’
In practice, this means that the existing text will be replaced by a new joint compromise proposal, which will, in effect, lead to a delay in the proceedings and a reconsideration in June.
Within what timeframe and following what timetable are you planning to apply these specific measures?
Instead we need a new drive from the EU which can show us how to replace nuclear power with renewable energy sources.
We are in favour of a flexible interpretation and of the idea that, at any moment, through the mechanisms he has upheld, from Article No 308 and other Articles from the Treaty, Article No 99 specifically, we can accommodate the needs of the Union and the aspirations of its citizens.
However, in order to provide further safeguards, our resolution of 30 April 1998 called for the Stability and Growth Pact to be strictly applied in all eleven countries.
Moreover, 80% to 90% of single-use packaging is already at present being recycled successfully.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
Why can they not fall under the general rules?
We are looking forward to continuing working with the European Parliament.
   . Mr President, I should like to thank the rapporteur again for an excellent report.
Complex measures are required, such as legal advice, psychological support, support to the children concerned, and it is very important to listen to the victims, who are, I am sorry to say, the greatest experts in terms of what they need.
I forwarded the content of the oral question on this issue to the Commission and the Presidency of the Council, and so I am not going to spend the few minutes I have paraphrasing it.
This subject is a matter for subsidiarity, and not for the European Union, which does not, and should not legislate on eugenic practices.
What is unsettling, indeed thoroughly alarming, is what has been set in motion in the field of foreign and security policy and the vehemence with which hitherto civil European integration is being shelved and a military Union is being created.
But that is by the by.
As I said earlier, information to citizens is an important part, so there will be efforts to access information; some have already been taken and have already been put in place with a recently launched website on meeting the costs for healthcare abroad.
Mr Iturgaiz should update his information, because on Saturday, the government of Venezuela and the government of Spain issued a joint communication regarding this matter.
It has been acknowledged that this is really an issue that is on our minds.
Only the gods on Mount Olympus can say whether top-level sport is healthy or not - we certainly cannot.
I am particularly pleased with the last-minute adjustment that was made to this deal on the issue of comitology.
As a native of Luxembourg - and a great deal has been said about Luxembourg summits - may I now take the opportunity on behalf of the Friday Club to pass on my festive greetings to you and wish you all a peaceful New Year.
Finally, as regards the budget, even though I believe that funding should not be sparing in this sector and am aware of the objective difficulties of the budget, I believe that an increase of EUR 80 million, i.e. the amount spent on extending the operation of existing programmes, is perfectly realistic.
The underlying cause of organ trafficking is a lack of available organs.
Thank you, Mrs Gradin.
I believe the Caudron report also invokes the transparent and democratic nature of decisions on scientific research when, instead of invoking principles of natural law, which are, in fact, only held by certain authorities, it refers, in the case of the ethical problems of research, to charters of rights, the documents which have effectively been approved and sanctioned by our Institutions.
You cannot be surprised that most of the people out there are saying ‘no’ to this EU and to this wastefulness, even if – as I do – they say ‘yes’ to Europe.
Prime Minister, the debate has clearly demonstrated that Parliament supports the priorities of the Portuguese Presidency of the Council.
But this did not happen.
It is clear that renewable energies continue to play a more direct role in many businesses and industries in our society.
The Chadian government's declaration of a state of emergency on 15 February has accelerated that country's decline into chaos.
If anyone has done justice to their responsibility in the procedure for Budget 2000, then it was the European Parliament.
We are pleased the Council of Ministers recently approved the Union's negotiating position. It was unfortunate, however, that approval was only possible after heated debate and several delays.
The third paragraph of Amendment No 8 is not acceptable because even though passengers may agree to accept a seat in a lower class, they are still being denied boarding in the class to which they are entitled according to their ticket.
In any case, Mr President, if these negotiations do take place, I demand that the European Parliament plays a role in the negotiations, a demand that I think all of us share.
How can you be so sure, Minister, that your telephone calls are not being tapped?
That is what I have sought to look at in my report, and it is important that we consider these issues at this point because these schools were in fact set up about fifty years ago and, although there have been times when they have been looked at, essentially not very much has changed in that time.
With regard to the application of Community rules regarding occurrence reporting, the Commission is satisfied that all Member States have set up a mandatory reporting system and collect the information in national databases.
Human activity has played its role in this.
   – Mr President, the question we are debating tonight is very important to the external action of the European Union and to efforts to respond to our political commitment to achieve the Millennium Goals.
We need a Constitution, a Parliament, a European Government and a President elected by the people.
For years, experts have been warning against high-risk loans, unsecured credit and a bubble waiting to burst in the financial and property markets.
Since the proposed ratio of 1:20 between the highest and lowest noise charge was insufficient, the rapporteur suggested increasing this ratio from 20 to 40, which is wholly acceptable.
Madam President, the oral amendment is on amendment 1 to paragraph 3.
Madam President, Mr Schulz, there is just one thing I am not clear about.
It is customary for votes on appointments to be taken by secret ballot.
The crisis did not begin in January with the violence against the demonstrators, nor did it begin in 2009, when the Socialist Party boycotted parliament after the elections and when the hunger strike began.
All the studies and ministers concerned considerably reduce the inferred costs.
For many years, GDP has been the main index for economic assessment, but its shortcomings are increasingly apparent when it comes to assessing social or environmental progress.
Therefore, at this time of crisis, one vital measure is to postpone transposition of the directive on the liberalisation of services and to conduct an appropriate study of the potential social implications that implementation of this directive would have.
There have been doubts expressed that the Commission intends to let nuclear energy count towards the renewables target.
Secondly, we are in favour of helping the people around the world who are dependent on growing drug crops because of the economic conditions in their own countries.
I am no doubt looking, rather, for a political answer and political declaration.
However, taxpayers want to see better value for money.
I want to stress that we do not take into account individual choice and individual responsibility.
It is a State that is at risk of falling apart and where tensions are running high.
The proposals will cost an extra six billion euros and make farmers a lot poorer.
The euro is also a success for the European Central Bank, for the financial institutions, for the hundreds of thousands of anonymous citizens who went to work on 1 January, and we must recognise that it has also been a success for Pierre Werner, for Valéry Giscard d' Estaing, for Helmut Schmidt, for François Mitterrand, for Helmut Kohl, for Ruud Lubbers, for Giulio Andreotti, for John Major, for Felipe González and also for Jacques Santer, as President of the Commission.
Mr President, the proposal seeks to coordinate the legislations of the Member States with the aim of creating imperative rules which must be respected by companies which transfer their workers to another Member State of the Union.
As President of the European Parliament's Tibet Intergroup, I fully endorse this position.
And so I also send the Commission, as an exception in this rather solemn context, all good wishes for this special birthday.
Article 12 of the Directive on postal services states, on the one hand, that prices shall be correlated with costs and, on the other, that the Member States may decide whether to apply a single tariff to the entire national territory.
What concerns me, unlike Brian Crowley, is that Zimbabwe's dictator Robert Mugabe will probably be attending the summit.
Mr President, Mr Blak, ladies and gentlemen, the discharge procedure for 1999 really does bear the rapporteur's handprint.
For example, within the framework of the Berend report, this House approved a raft of amendments aimed at updating the European Union’s Solidarity Fund.
Stoning and public hangings are barbaric.
As a result there is the question of funding.
There is no detailed EU impact assessment and there is a lack of scientific definition of endocrine disrupters and an inconsistency of treatment between it and the REACH Directive.
The report also calls for the principle of conditionality to be applied.
My objective is to have the additional measures in place by the summer so that we can resume payments in the autumn.
Nor is it in any sense a matter of discriminating against some hedge funds or other.
I can hardly resist saying that the proposed wording concerning the introduction of territorial constituencies, with the protocol on the subject, brings the thorny issue of Great Britain and Gibraltar nearer to a solution.
I should like to make one final point.
The reality to which my attention is drawn is a reality in which, today, certain jobs in specific sectors are certainly assisted by the existence of duty-free.
The latter is obviously very important in Catalonia. I would also like to thank Mr Bautista Ojeda for being so receptive to the suggestions made by the Catalan regional government.
Now it is important for us to do full justice to all the issues relating to the Treaty of Lisbon, including the entire budget area.
The majority of the House will decide.
(PT) I should like to ask the Bureau whether we are going to discuss a proposal for a European Parliament recommendation to the Council, given that the Council representative is not here.
(For results and other details of the vote, see Minutes)
It makes a laughing stock of the House and tramples the democratic principles advocated by the European Community underfoot.
Such monitoring will involve not only codecision by Parliament on the multiannual programmes, but also, and of necessity, evaluation at short intervals, in order to make it possible to make adjustments without delay.
It should come as no surprise, therefore, that our roads are full and congested while rail and inland waterways have not for some time been performing at the levels of which they could and should be capable.
There are substantial benefits to be had in terms of security policy from speeding up Turkey’s integration into Europe.
He was not permitted to be in Greece.
That Member is not here, but I hope that, today or tomorrow, when we give our broad support to this Commission, a stop will be put to underhand moves of this kind, and we will be able to cooperate constructively with the new Commission.
That is why Member States were given five years to prepare for adaptation and four more to achieve it and ensure the necessary reconversions were undertaken in a progressive fashion.
Personal accountability for the Union's operations is an important element of the activity-based budget approach.
Negotiations are also under way for a new association agreement with Algeria.
We will be able to make use of these instruments, which will ultimately help to reconcile societies to some degree and to stabilise Europe, only if we, along with our societies and the European public, carry on in the same direction towards the one peaceful and multilateral objective with the help of transatlantic cooperation, an objective that our people expect of us.
I think this is because we are forever chasing the mirage of fusion. Thus, we would not be doing justice to the task if, for example, I only made reference to the Kyoto Convention.
The directive also provides for the protection of obligations to provide a service, which Member States can impose on natural gas companies in their market in the broader economic interest.
Your rapporteur's proposals are moreover among those pursued with continuity and perseverance by the Committee on Institutional Affairs.
We need to ensure - and this report goes a long way towards it - that the procedures do not negate the situation or make it worse, but rather, that they support and assist the victims.
Indeed, we in the Socialist Group in the European Parliament support her on many points – with the exception of the one about creating a separate emissions trading scheme for air transport.
As it stands, this proposal interferes with the legitimate right of a Member State to make use of the natural resources present in the seabed of its exclusive economic zone and subsoil thereof, which is recognised in the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
The Member States all did it their own way: Germany by means of the green dot system, the Netherlands by means of the voluntary agreements, etc.
In this context, I believe that it is urgent for the parties to apply the Agreement on Access and Movement, which was signed in November 2005 in Jerusalem, and I was present at is signature.
Mobility requirements and residential requirements are changing.
If the irrational criteria of the Stability Pact, with the proposals of so-called economic governance and the so-called competitiveness pact had not been passed, particularly the attempt to prevent wages from rising with inflation and increase the legal age for retirement, we would have even more serious attacks on labour and social rights.
Ladies and gentlemen, since our last part-session, and particularly in the last few days, several terrible catastrophes have taken place, such as the new earthquake in Turkey and the floods in France, both of which have hit hard.
The purpose of my putting this question was to shift the emphasis, because poverty cannot be tackled through a continuation of the same old formula.
In other words, we hope that the Council' s second reading that takes place on 20 July will take up our first reading, if not we shall have to proceed to a second reading.
I will therefore vote against all the amendments proposed by the Roth-Behrendt report.
To this end, Mr Florenz, the eco-contribution, among other systems, has proved to be a very important tool.
Let us provide ourselves with the necessary mechanism to sanction the violation of human rights, so basic and essential, and let us do it properly, with transparency and, above all, with guarantees.
It remains both in the nomenclature and in the remarks.
Moratorium on the death penalty -B4-0595/98, by Mr Dupuis and others, on behalf of the ARE group, on the question of the death penalty and the institution of a universal moratorium on executions; -B4-0615/98, by Mr Cars and Mr Frischenschlager, on behalf of the ELDR group, on a universal moratorium on capital punishment; -B4-0621/98, by Mr Imbeni, on behalf of the PSE group, on the question of the death penalty and the institution of a universal moratorium on executions; -B4-0642/98, by Mrs Aglietta and others, on behalf of the V group, on the question of the death penalty and the institution of a universal moratorium on executions; -B4-0658/98, by Mr Habsburg-Lothringen and Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, on behalf of the PPE group, on the question of the death penalty and the institution of a universal moratorium on executions; -B4-0665/98, by Mr Manisco and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL group, on the question of the death penalty and the institution of a universal moratorium on executions.
Firstly, benefiting from the European Union's knowledge and skills in this field, which they need in order to develop their own economies, especially in basic and cross-disciplinary sectors such as financial services.
The security of information networks is a priority for all those who use them.
Technical means of protection in particular are developing at a very fast pace.
It is unsound, because, currently, national regulation means every man for himself.
Let me say, in response to your two questions, that the Commission is using its right of initiative to propose the specific measures that are required and that have been announced in the mid-term review.
I think that would put an end to tax avoidance and to cheating in frontier regions.
Can I request that we have some other time to ask the Commissioner questions?
Of their right, for example, to explain their vote on a report leading to a vote, as stated very clearly in Article 6(1) of Annex V, which I would ask you to refer to. It says there in black and white: '... taking into account Parliament's vote', and this is before referral back to committee.
Under this agreement the Treaty principles are maintained.
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday, 1 March 2001.
If, at the end of the budget period, we are to speak about the success of the integrated European structural policy, we need to encourage communication among the various parties at both national and regional levels, to foster the exchange of experiences and to encourage people to learn from good examples.
We would need it to be defined precisely.
During the last year, the European Union has waived visas for five countries of the Western Balkans.
These are the kind of questions that arise.
The risk of an outbreak of xenophobia among civilians is indeed great.
As they must be available for the courts, they are held in committal prisons where conditions are cramped and unsanitary.
In Denmark we know this debate only too well, especially when it concerns phthalates in toys.
(EL) Mr President, my fellow Members have covered the basic issues of today's debate.
But, also, when we speak about harmonisation of taxation or harmonisation of the minimum wage, this obviously militates against creating equality, because countries that at present have lower wages and a high level of social protection could be made uncompetitive, with business and companies being attracted elsewhere and jobs lost.
The initiative of some is met, on the one hand, with the virtual indifference of the majority and, on the other, with a certain diffidence of the minority.
- (FR) The vote on the ratification of the Commission is not a vote of approval for the Commission' s programme, since Parliament will be consulted on this at the end of the year.
We have made up our minds.
An important point, as Mr Watts has already pointed out, is safety.
I think that the most important outcome was the integration of the anti-missile shield into the new strategic concept.
Indeed, your Parliament, from the outset, told us that it was ready to shoulder its burden of responsibility with regard to expenditure under headings 3 and 4, insofar as the Council was ready to shoulder its responsibilities with regard to expenditure under heading 1, that is, agricultural expenditure.
We are basically in favour of the proposal of the Environment Committee and its rapporteur.
Can I also say, Mr President, that following the failure of the Ecofin Council to agree on a revision of the Financial Perspective, it is clear that the Council considers the Commission proposal for the financial complement of ECU 700 m to be obsolete and that it is up to the Commission to identify additional financial resources within the ceiling of category 3 of the current Financial Perspective.
If monetary union goes ahead it will mean the creation of a system beyond democratic control, where economic policy is decided on the basis of Treaty provisions, the stability pact and an independent central bank.
On the other hand, there is also the possibility of beginning discussions on a new organisation of work.
Education policy is the prerequisite for today' s young people holding their own on tomorrow' s labour market and for our fulfilling our role as Europe in worldwide competition.
One is the issue of the so-called institutional triangle, a question that was not answered in Amsterdam. The other issue concerns enlargement into Eastern Europe.
For this reason, I hope that the system of control, in particular ex-ante, is improved and more fully enforced than it has been up to now.
The facts are there; they are being revealed more and more in our countries' newspapers.
Both Russia and the EU have an interest in the principle of cooperation on both sides of the border and in an anti isolationist policy regarding the Kaliningrad region.
Mr President, as long as small coins exist they should be nickel-free.
Of the 2 436 complaints received, 250 of those inquiries were initiated in 2003 and 110 were inquiries which were not closed at the end of December 2002.
And, since we are in the European Union, I draw your attention to the fact that in the Spanish Basque Country, which is the most autonomous of the European Union's autonomous regions, municipal elections are planned in which many citizens cannot participate since they are in danger of being murdered, like Joseba Pagazaurtundua.
It premises an examination of how one can best speed up the procedures for examining manifestly unfounded asylum applications from EU citizens.
Whilst we have indeed achieved great successes, a lot remains to be done and there can be no long-term security without human security.
Many want a statute in order to improve an image tarnished by the abuses of a few.
This must not merely be attached to the aid in the form of a vague hope: it must be a condition of that aid.
A further aspect which we must mention today, and which we must also welcome, is the fact that San Marino is one of the few small states in Europe to have always refused to become a tax haven, and for this reason it has always had good relations with its larger neighbour, Italy.
In the same way, the research world is partitioned.
Mountainous areas were given an especially prominent position within that framework.
Mr President, the introduction of a European visa policy is the occasion to debate an important issue, and here in this House we are today discussing the latest developments in this visa policy.
On Singapore we have concerns about banking secrecy that were made clear when the committee visited and spoke to members of parliament in that country.
   . British Labour MEPs had to vote against the amended report due to serious concerns about duplicating and complicating legislation, a reduction in resources for Asia, and benchmarking.
As far as the main offices are concerned, the idea of giving the European Patent Office a central role, with some of its work delegated to the national offices, is a good idea.
In my own country, the question of splitting up the social security system is currently very high on the political agenda.
A number of amendments proposed by our committee refer to nuclear waste and nuclear safety.
On the European perspective, it is clear that the neighbourhood policy is one that is distinct from enlargement, but at the same time I should also say that the future is not set in stone.
   Madam President, in December of last year, the Council rejected Parliament’s proposal for a broad definition of ‘family’.
It is my personal view that the new Commission will have to define an overall China strategy for the European Union to better pursue and achieve our common interests with the view of climate policy, trade tensions and exchange-rate policy.
The EU could offer significant trade and aid benefits to Syria to bring it back to the negotiating table with Israel.
Now that we are making sure that the agreement is implemented in our legislation, it is important for these objectives to be attained.
The rapporteur mentions several measures to ensure more reliably that emission control equipment functions efficiently throughout a vehicle' s lifetime.
At a national level, legislatures need to come down hard on those convicted, and resources must be given to police forces so that it is not for lack of finance or manpower that trafficking is allowed to continue.
Mr President, Minister, ladies and gentlemen, I will start with the end of Mr Jouyet's speech.
It is appropriate that we are having this debate as a joint debate with the Casaca report, because the whole issue of fishery control measures and what is required is one that not only can deliver more environmentally and economically sustainable fisheries; it can also give certainty to many fishing families, so that they can continue to live their lives in the way that they have enjoyed up to now.
Politically, this is a very sensitive issue in terms of the future relationship between the European Union and the Western Balkans.
All we hear about is enrichment.
These cover such important areas as the efficiency of combustion engines and the use of pesticides.
In my view, the bottom line is that the legal framework of the EU and the European Community must be respected, and this is the way the Commission always works.
I hope that these measures will indeed enable us to make the necessary improvements to the situation.
We all know that what is in the back of our minds, and what we fear, is that Albania will turn into another Bosnia, and if that happens the whole of the Balkans will explode.
To finish off, Mr President, I really valued the observation made by Mr Harbour.
Last week a Chechen woman and her three young daughters died on the border between Ukraine and Poland.
   Thank you very much.
Thus the principle of subsidiarity becomes itself subsidiary, because it cannot prevent the application of Article 308, or the Community acquis, or the self-proclaimed principle of the European Union.
The premiums remove all incentive from the farmer to adapt his agricultural plan.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, much has been said during this debate and it is obviously difficult at this point to add anything new.
No doubt if we were to debate tax reductions now, elements such as the promotion of consumption would be of more importance than would have been the case a few months ago, given that that is one of the issues we are concerned about.
The impact studies that have been carried out by the Commission have resulted in the definition of environmental quality standard levels, expressed as an annual average offering a level of protection against long-term exposure and as a maximum allowable concentration, for protection against short-term exposure.
We have to make that effort.
Mr President, I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur on the content of his report and the way in which he has worked and established a dialogue with other groups in the House, which I believe has been positive, and I would also like to congratulate the Commission on its initial proposal.
Here in the European Parliament, people speak, not parties.
I know the Hungarian Presidency will do everything in its power to bring this original proceeding to a positive conclusion.
How much will this cost?
These amendments will, inter alia, introduce the principle of proportionality, which means that the administrative and accounting requirements should be proportional to the size of the grant.
It is therefore essential to distinguish between differences in treatment which are justified, in particular by legitimate employment policy, labour market and vocational training objectives, and discrimination which must be prohibited’.
One important experience gained in Sweden is that the division also solved the financial situation which the State Railways then found itself in, where it had considerable debts.
We placed quite a bit of emphasis on this aspect in the resolution, because to us, the liberalisation of the aviation sector, with all its implications, both positive and negative, must coincide with the laying down of high standards in the areas I have just listed.
Our country was not just the first victim of the Hitler dictatorship, many people were perpetrators too, although I refute any suggestion of collective guilt.
The takeover of troubled financial institutions by the governments of some Member States will create a dangerous precedence for the expropriation of private companies in any sector whatsoever who are not willing to adapt themselves to un-systematic regulatory and discriminatory interventions carried out, for example, in the interests of holding down inflation.
Surely Brussels should not leave its own Member States out in the cold, literally or otherwise.
There has been a standstill for four years now, and there are many painful areas that deserve to be addressed.
It illustrates, once again, how fragile democracy is, even in regions where it seemed to be an established value.
The citizens' initiative will mean that one million citizens coming from a significant number of Member States will be able to take the initiative to request the Commission to submit a legislative proposal.
I am one of those who has doubts about carrying harmonisation of social legislation in the different countries to extremes.
They cover CO2 efficiency, biodiversity, but also social criteria.
It could have been possible to eliminate corruption and avoid social upheavals.
A wide sector of Palestinian society regards elections as a crucial part of the reform process.
Europe needs this services directive. It will ensure more growth and more new jobs in Europe, and will be good for workers, entrepreneurs and for Europe.
Integrating optical fibre connections in satellite equipment and forming corresponding clusters would be a sensational undertaking, as would the establishment of the European Institute for Technology.
We now have directives that are beginning to form a consistent and coherent whole, but they are far from being enforced uniformly throughout the Community.
Today my aim is not to provide you with an in-depth analysis of the three principal documents that the Madrid Summit produced, the Presidency has already discussed this issue in detail.
Nor can the suffering of those affected be compensated.
Having been referred back to committee, the d'Ancona report on European drugs policy has emerged looking considerably more balanced.
In fact, they rang the airport of destination themselves, which was also unable to give her any information.
Similarly, in terms of employment, there are just 2.5 researchers for every thousand workers in European companies, compared with 6.7 per thousand in the USA and 6 per thousand in Japan.
I do not think it is worth it in a case like this one, in which we are dealing with something relatively trifling.
In its second amendment, Parliament asks to be given information on the decisions of the Joint Committee.
Chancellor Kohl would have said 'Let's solve this problem together with Greece'.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I appreciated the exchange of views on the report, which testify the commitment of Parliament to the cause of human rights.
They are using the old method of divide and rule and, therefore, action on behalf of Latvia's non-citizens must be taken by the European Union.
We should also pave the way for the immediate introduction of trade and other economic sanctions in the event of China reneging on its promises.
I cannot see where the link is.
It is also the case, however, that we must make an effort to explain why the Constitutional Treaty is important to people’s lives, because many people take the view that the Constitutional Treaty has not entered into force – which is the case – but nothing has gone wrong as a result; Europe has not fallen into the sea.
All the more important that we strive by every possible means to convince Yugoslavia that it must solve its own problems, particularly in Kosovo, with our help.
This situation clearly bears all the hallmarks of a very one-sided division of power between the dealers and the manufacturers.
After today's debate, it could be Parliament's agenda.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the economic and social situation in Europe continues to pose enormous challenges.
Indeed, this will be the case for half of these children.
Conflicts of interest have been overcome: there will be no advisory services in addition to credit rating activities.
Next, I would like to clarify the situation between us.
The EU's relationship with Georgia does raise very far-reaching questions about what we are about, what the EU is, and what we aspire to be.
(Parliament approved the Minutes)
I must also mention that the Republic of Moldova is eligible for both grants and loans.
First, all or most of us can come to this House and deplore and denounce terrorism, as well we might, because it is vile and indefensible in all its forms.
What are the main elements of the OLAF reform?
The problem is that this is not yet the way in which the world works and it is our responsibility, the responsibility of this institution, to set an example.
We have also sent a strong message to the 15 million Muslims who already live inside the European Union that this is not an exclusive Christian club.
Let me reiterate the position of the United Kingdom Government.
Secondly, I wish to say that I rejected the Council's positions on the Working Time Directive as working hours would have been extended and on-call time discounted as working time, and also the European rules would have been undermined by a whole host of opt-outs.
. Mr President, I would like to thank Mrs Lucas, Mr Lannoye and Mr de Roo for tabling a question on adding water and protein to chicken meat.
I am talking here about greater and easier availability of information; of course, this does not mean that groups would no longer be able to hold meetings behind closed doors.
Yes, he is indeed, on this issue, closer to some than to those who would criticise me for quoting him - Pope John Paul II has said through his spokesman: 'Those who decide that all peaceful means made available by international law are exhausted assume a grave responsibility before God, before their conscience, and before history.'
If the aid is spread too thinly and too widely, it simply will not help the regions most in need.
As regards small and medium-sized enterprises, many sources attribute the fall in productivity, and therefore in the productivity of the Italian economy, to the fact that there is little innovation in Italy.
This comprehensive, well-written report, apart from all the useful, valuable information it provides us with, also encourages us to ask the following question: What are we going to do for ourselves and for future generations?
The unions have a role of social democracy, just as political leaders do.
Furthermore, it clearly lays out the cases in which these services can be used, because at present, the rules regarding reimbursement when using these services are not always clear and understandable.
Commissioner Bolkestein has just explained to this House that we need to "move forward towards the completion of the internal market for postal services".
rapporteur. - Mr President, I should like to thank everyone for their contributions, both now and during the last nine months we have been working on this issue.
I would simply mention the question of the support provided by public State aids, for example, which as you all know is an element which is both provisory and derogatory, and which is in no way laid down in the logic, constitutional or otherwise, of the Treaties.
This special relationship will offer economic and other advantages in sectors such as infrastructures, energy, the environment and transport, which will constitute incentives for joining the commonwealth.
The Chair must be absolutely neutral when it comes to a vote, up to the point that, in general, it does not even cast its own vote.
The text presented by Mr Medina Ortega is heading in the right direction, but the proposed amendments weaken it considerably and we reject them.
(DE) Mr President, the current debate about so-called glued ham shows that some manufacturers do not deal honestly with consumers.
The Commission is not here at the moment, but it will certainly defend that right tooth and nail.
The vote will take place on Wednesday 22 April 2009.
It is they who will be offering their professional qualifications, rather than capital investment, to other Union Member States for the foreseeable future.
Who could be opposed to this?
I found him speaking up for consensus, stepping out from the ranks of the governments who, day in and day out, exchange their historic responsibility for Europe for petty cash.
I should like to point out to the Commissioner that within the rules of the common fisheries policy what is good for the UK is good for Ireland or indeed any country.
According to my information, the Council presidency was going to attend the debate until the end.
We know that during the last 15 years an increasing number of organic farms have been created in Europe.
This will also open the gates to a debate on the future of the WTO, a debate that will be highly dependent on whether the DDA is concluded successfully or not.
Draft supplementary and amending budgets (SAB) 1/99, 3/99 and 4/99
After the restoration of Lithuania's independence, Italy avoided any responsibility and suggested negotiating with Russia concerning the building.
The Bureau called on the Zimbabwean Government to put a stop to the violence in the country and to respect human rights and the rule of law.
Violence against women: despite the considerable progress made in this area since the initial Daphne programme was launched in 1997, unfortunately further measures urgently need to be taken to prevent violence towards women and children and to combat this phenomenon.
No doubt the United Kingdom does likewise in Sellafield.
It is difficult to form a judgment on what the EU might do about this matter by itself.
That is the first main reason we are expressing our disappointment.
Furthermore, the collective nature of the second pillar is important.
Mr President, with Nelson Mandela' s farewell as President and the election of Thabo Mbeki, South Africa entered a new political era.
At a special summit on 28 and 29 March 2007, its Heads of Government acknowledged their regional responsibility in the Zimbabwe conflict for the first time.
A balance has therefore been found between freedom of expression, circulation of information, public access to new services such as VOD (video on demand), and content with a cultural and economic value.
Moreover, if the restructuring of a European company was determined by non-commercial conditions attached to public financing, there would be a risk that a company would not be able to restore its long-term viability, and that risk to viability is all the greater due to the current weakened state of the entire European car industry. The European car industry, as we are all aware, suffers from considerable overcapacity.
We know that this Movement' s actions are effective, and it would be surprising if the European Union withdraws its support for the European Movement at a time when we need, more than ever, to encourage dialogue with the citizens.
Today is a good day for 140 million mobile-telephone users in the European Union.
I am aware of the complexity and difficulty of this struggle, but I believe that it is possible to confront the sexual exploitation of children with unified action and a joint effort.
Soon after the elections Javier Solana stated that the EU intends to activate cooperation with Ukraine, to support political and economic reforms, which will guarantee the rule of law, and to consolidate market economy principles in the country, and I might also add, to support a more effective war on corruption and the shadow economy.
We must make sure that we never have systems of research support that are so over-burdened with bureaucracy, with application mechanisms so difficult to penetrate that we use resources in applying for research funds that should be spent doing the research itself.
Witness also the fact that every time the European Central Bank has raised interest rates, that is, every time it has tightened monetary policy, the value of the euro has fallen rather than risen, contrary to the expectations of those who decided to raise interest rates.
My second concern is about anti-dumping measures in the EU and the USA.
Secondly, it is right of course for the Member to raise questions in this way and to put the Council of Ministers under pressure.
Finally, I would like to highlight a fundamental issue, that is, the complete anachronism of the Security Council and its anti-democratic nature, which is symbolised by the right of veto.
The seas provide the environment for a multi-directional communication among countries, people, activities and policies.
It is now high time to look at this from a new perspective, since this is carried out in most cases, sadly, without recourse to legal proceedings.
We must always remind ourselves, as we call upon others outside the Union to rise to the standards of respect for persons which seem to us fundamental, that we are continually at risk ourselves of falling below the standards.
In other words, opening begets opening; trade begets trade.
The enlarged European Union will be obliged to operate under the provisions of the Treaty of Nice.
Mr Pasty has asked for the floor.
Compare the EU to the IMF, to the World Bank, to the WTO or to any other international structure: none of them have or will have this degree of parliamentary input and of parliamentary scrutiny.
This shows that the European Union's policy of gradually bringing Turkey closer to Europe is the right one.
He might well have got away scot-free as he was a poor candidate for political asylum.
There are artists who become very famous and certainly do not need the European Parliament to facilitate their movement and pension conditions, but there are also excellent artists who unfortunately do not have great success; such artists, and there are many of them, are nonetheless human beings - workers and pensioners who deserve the same respect as all other citizens.
Now that more than a decade has passed, the balance sheet is clearly positive.
They point out that the European automotive industry is one of the symbols of Europe's economic power and employs thousands of workers.
That is what is happening here, sometimes even in this Chamber.
I will come to Parliament with that in April.
I agree with the rapporteur, who is in favour of the Commission's proposal, and would also recommend that the proposal should be approved without amendments.
This too seems logical to me, yet it would not be beneficial if we were to rely on this provision too much and be too strict about it. After all, if you were to do this, in other words, if you were to weigh it up extremely carefully, then I think personnel policy would become impossible in the long-run and you would be very far-removed from the efficiency required in this type of matter.
Those national plans, as you know, were supported by the European economic recovery plan, adopted by the European Council in December 2008.
I shall certainly be pressing the case when I visit Washington in the second half of May.
I accept that it took a certain amount of courage to draw up this report, but I am not convinced that it had to be so ambiguous.
Why do you not listen?
This House has been considering the Members' Statute since 1998.
(Applause)
When the 11 countries participating in the common currency lock their internal exchange rates on 1 January 1999 and replace their national currencies with the euro in 2002, they will no longer be able to make use of exchange rate policy, in other words they will no longer be able to devalue or revalue their currencies.
In this way we can lend our support to those forces in society that are pressing for the reforms that are so necessary, the reforms that will one day assuredly arrive.
Talking and planning is one thing - especially if you can do it in a meeting room somewhere else in Europe - but implementing and changing requires greater conviction.
Nonetheless, the cross-border sector is not the only one under threat.
That is why, whenever I can, I urge the Commission and the Council to provide financial support to improve district-heating systems in order to make it socially acceptable and environmentally efficient.
Incidentally, Mr Séralini will be here in Parliament on Wednesday and will then tell us clearly whether EFSA's all-clear, its whitewashing, is really justified.
Tomorrow, on voting on the report we are debating today, our institution will write the last page of a story that has been told since August 1987, when the European Union signed its first fisheries agreement with that country, but which for Spain goes back almost twenty-five years.
It is an important directive, and thanks to the Commission's regular reports, we are gaining a clear insight into its functioning, which enables us to prepare well-considered proposals for a possible revision in future.
I am convinced that there is a great political need for this among the citizens of both Israel and Palestine.
On the question of political parties, all I can say is that the Austrian Presidency is seeking to invite as many future parties as possible to the dialogue in East Timor in an attempt to move forward here too, as there is little chance of a future peaceful settlement without political parties.
The Internet is the same as all the tools invented by man: it can be used for both good and bad purposes.
Eliminating the pernicious legacy of communism is a prerequisite for a peaceful future in Europe.
I see Parliament as having a particular role to play in this, and that has been emphasised in the report, for which let me reiterate our thanks to Mr Voggenhuber.
Hydroelectric power should be supplemented by forms of energy other than waste incineration.
Thus, initiatives such as Grundtvig or Erasmus for Young Entrepreneurs should be extended and doubled by funds that would supplement the insufficient national finances.
It will prove that smaller countries are equally capable of managing the EU.
My third conclusion: I agree with the procedure now proposed by the Commission.
Madam President, I have two more brief remarks.
Greece is the only country to have neither a forest register nor a land register.
However, in this instance, it seems that there was a lack of communication between the operators who detected the contamination and the competent authorities.
The decision on financial market supervision has still not been finalised.
It did not manage to get its position accepted at the last meeting of the International Whaling Commission in July 2004.
I think it is important that these artisanal small businesses should be recognised in the definition of the Regulation.
It is obvious that there is broad agreement as regards the way forward.
For example, I note the specific invitation to the Commission to present proposals to extend the agency's mandate, the call for permanent patrols in high-risk areas, and the need to make European solidarity effective at times when our borders have to be controlled.
After the outcome of the conciliation procedure I, as rapporteur, am withdrawing the strategic amendments for second reading.
The draft that the Council has elaborated contains provisions on a variety of matters that have been discussed by several Members of Parliament.
No trial, and what was their crime?
On the other hand, there is dislike, and even hostility, especially from many Left-wing Members, to American policy, to American religiousness, and to American capitalism.
I quote: ‘The application of mutual recognition is fully consistent with the Single Market philosophy according to which the rules of the Member State of origin normally prevail, and the Member State of destination can only derogate from that rule under very strict conditions challenging the overriding requirements of general public importance, such as health care, consumer protection or the environment.’
Still thanks to the forthcoming euro, we will be protected to some extent.
ASEAN is a region with great economic potential and a similar number of inhabitants to the European Union.
When I hear that, according to Mrs Fontaine, we have been working on making adjustments here since as long ago as 1975, that seems to me a very, very long time.
The final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents pursuant to Rule 95 of the Rules of Procedure has been distributed, to which no changes have been proposed.
This debate is therefore timely but, I would insist, we must remember that, if we agree on the fundamental issue, as we do in general terms, we must also agree on the form and the procedures, and act with the greatest diligence, as has been reiterated here.
This provides a sensible framework for this fundamental issue.
Government activity is not enough for this to happen; a gradual shift in attitude is necessary within society as well.
I am extremely disappointed that you did not let me have another minute, because we had recovered two minutes from Mr Porto, who will not be here tomorrow, and I thought you might have used this opportunity to show a little consideration.
Different views are taken of alternative medicine.
It notes that no progress was made in Doha and calls on the European Commission to revise its strategy and on the European Union to intensify dialogue with international organisations.
This solution will certainly please the supporters of open access to the internet.
I should like to close by saying that I hope they will not get wind of what I have said here today and include me on this list, because I love Istanbul and I like to go there quite often.
Finally, and this is my last comment, I have withdrawn those of my amendments that were not approved by the committee - although they now seem to have appeared again - so my only proposal now is the one that was agreed in the Committee on Development and Cooperation.
At first glance this figure seems fine, but if we take a closer look we see that women account for 80 % of category C staff employed in the lower echelons, 40 % of category B staff but only 20 % of category A, where staff hold senior positions, and 0 % of directors-general!
However, society also has to get to a stage where this voluntary service to the community is rewarded by giving participants preference when taking on employees and not looking at how quickly a person has done something, how quickly a person has studied, but whether a person has also rendered a service to the community.
Even if we weigh up the pressures, lobbies and financial issues against the advances made by the USA in this domain, biological piracy runs counter to the humanist philosophy which I hope a large number of us share in Parliament.
But what is clear in tax, is that Article 99 is the area where all these proposals run aground.
We had, unfortunately, a terribly long delay with regard to the agreement for the funding on the TENs.
Next year the situation will be quite different, and I would warn the Council that the Interinstitutional Agreement is not guaranteed for ten years either, just this year.
I agree that certain flanking measures should be adapted or adopted, and I am convinced that quite a lot can be done in the new Article 68.
Any other factors taken as a basis for measurement cannot be clearly quantified and open the way to arbitrary decision-making.
It is by establishing monetary union that we shall encourage the investment that will create future jobs.
It will go back to the committee now.
We need to carry on giving close attention to our activities outside the Union, firstly because there are many violent regional conflicts which we cannot ignore, secondly because we need to stay alert to protect the Union's interests as a major economic power, and thirdly because the relationship between politics and economics in international relations has become much more complicated.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The people of Egypt are seeing their legitimate expectations met.
There has been a temporary respite in terms of fuel costs, but we, as the European Union, cannot guarantee fuel prices over the longer term.
How will we manage to prevent CO2 emissions from the so-called 'clean' coal-fired plants?
This issue comes on top of our deep worries about the plight of the civilian population in Chechnya, and I have heard Mr Posselt on this subject before.
Dual training, which is regarded as the optimum solution, should for example be introduced into all European states.
This is the correct approach, since coordination at European level is expensive and, in line with the principle of subsidiarity, the European authorities should be the first to be aware of their responsibility to contribute to the involvement of citizens and their organizations in the development of European policy, rather than relying on national or even local financing.
In 10 years the euro has become the number two currency in the world and, as has been mentioned just now, one of the most respected currencies.
(Applause)
I am in favour of this motion for a resolution, as I believe that Gaddafi's regime should be destroyed immediately, given the way that he is repressing the Libyan population in their political protests and as a way of preventing more deaths.
It is the job of both our rapporteurs to assess those amendments.
Expressing and propagating in a non-violent way an opinion other than that of the government is no crime.
They heard what you said and will certainly repeat this recommendation even more firmly.
Now to decision-making procedures and consultations.
For this reason, before the summer and the outbreak of fires, the Socialist Group in the European Parliament requested in its oral question that we hold a debate here with the Commission on what was being done to prevent fires.
It is the beginning.
Madam President, European integration, security and energy solidarity require common management of investment in all Member States as part of a broadly-understood energy infrastructure and, in particular, of the transmission infrastructure.
It may be true that some electoral fraud occurs through this type of voting, but we still consider that it is up to each sovereign state to decide how the elections will be conducted, as long as they are democratic.
This directive is an important step forward in the fight against fraud.
Not a directive, but a regulation and in time stricter, newer standards on aircraft noise.
(Protests)
Once civil servants reach the rank of Commissioner, Mrs Izquierdo Rojo, they acquire the ability to do two things at once!
I would also like to think that there could be an extension to this time limit in case of difficulties with any one particular product.
The report on the proposal for a directive on waste electrical and electronic equipment is intended to regulate at EU level the collection, treatment and recycling of this type of equipment waste and to lay down quantities and percentages.
The policy you are pursuing has only one aim: to reassure markets for the introduction of the single currency, but it is for Europeans that you must construct Europe, and that is what you have forgotten.
Whether this is in keeping with the spirit of the Camisón Asensio report I somehow doubt.
So as not to waste any of that time, let me thank Malcolm Harbour, Catherine Trautmann and Pilar del Castillo Vera for our truly outstanding cooperation, to which Malcolm has already referred.
I shall emphasise three points which are especially important for the EU in this situation.
I can explain this very quickly.
Three, we must also consider introducing new tools.
All of us in this House agree about that, and it has been said again and again through a multiplicity of decisions.
As you said yourself, the decision has not yet been taken.
Madam President, I would like to table an oral amendment to this Amendment No 4 by Ms Brantner and me, deleting the latter part.
That is why we attach such importance to the debate on the future of cohesion.
We have accepted the Commission’s position, but we do not believe that haggling is a good sign for the future.
These NGOs offer vital support for victims of sexual and domestic violence, yet have to cope with a very difficult funding environment.
Ports are of course the most important points of intersection in our trans-European networks.
I am pleased that those are also the conclusions drawn in Parliament's report and in Mr Brok's speech.
Another specific point I would like to raise concerns the European Commission.
As matters stand, we have merely compared recipes.
author. - (PL) For several years now, the authorities in Mexico, including, first and foremost, President Felipe Calderón, have been waging a bloody war against drugs gangs.
Clearly there has to be a British domestic debate about why British citizens ought to be excluded from the benefits of integration inside all these important fields, but the British should also explain themselves more fully to the IGC.
From this, we could envisage organising public hearings together, even in non-conventional meetings with citizens from the various national states.
The visibility and economic benefits of an FTA with the European Union would support India's programme of reforms and provide a more stable investment climate.
(Parliament rejected the request)
Irish citizens are expected to deal with all of this.
We are leaders in this field as Europeans, because we have leading companies, but we do not have a digital internal market.
Now, Mr Fabre-Aubrespy is saying that he opposed this in the Conference of Presidents.
The report by Mr Simpson on European statistics on tourism is a text that will replace the directive on the matter, which is now 15 years' old.
A reduction in the VAT rates for locally supplied and labour-intensive services should have a positive impact, since it will reduce the level of undeclared labour, whilst also reducing its appeal and increasing demand within the formal economy.
Key measures adopted last year include the legal aid directive and the regulation on parental responsibility.
It does not address the problem of undeclared work from the point of view of workers' interests.
First, on accountability and transparency of the process, I recall that the essential elements of an act must, according to the Treaty and the jurisprudence, be defined by the legislators and therefore it will pass through the so-called Level 1 normal codecision procedure.
They can go to the independent tribunal and afterwards, to the other areas of recourse as well.
We try to liaise with families and those NGOs to facilitate the situation but of course, one of the problems is that we have little concrete and confirmed information.
Finally, the problem must be raised of Community priority for employment, and the related problem of maintaining without limit the minimum social income for the long-term unemployed from non-member countries.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, for the second time in two months this Parliament is adopting a resolution about the relationship with the US.
We are discussing one of the main tools that the Union has at its disposal.
(HU) The purpose of the regulations governing the use of EU grants is to ensure that these sources will be utilised in the best possible manner and be allocated to the most appropriate place.
As I see it, what is far more important is the purpose of this draft and exactly what a patent system of this kind is intended to achieve.
Does that mean we have no profile?
In the late 1980s and early 1990s a voluntary group called the Chernobyl Children’s Project was set up in Ireland by one woman who saw the horrors of Chernobyl.
Failing that, the structure will be a source of new dangers and grave conflicts.
Dear Ahmet, you know that we are with you, that we support the democratic struggle your party is conducting in Turkey for the recognition of the fundamental rights of the Kurdish people.
They are people who enable one and the same person to perform the tasks of resource manager, authorising officer, financial controller and accounting officer.
Mr President, I am convinced that by supporting this regulation, as agreed by the Committee on Development and Cooperation, Parliament will allow us to fund operations and agencies working to reach the international development targets, to empower women and to reduce infant, child and maternal mortality.
It is very important that the Palestinians can carry the people with them.
The first remark relates to the identity of Europe.
Question No 12 by (H-0497/99):
Indeed we know that for people from some of the poorest countries, access to work in the European Union is crucially important to their country’s development, and the remittances that go back can be up to eight times the amount of aid that we are putting in. We know that people are pulled towards rich countries when inequality is most acute.
There is something else we should not overlook, and where we also have experience, especially from the USA which puts far more emphasis on the involvement of the patient in question or the potential patient; this means the patient is involved in the shaping of the health system.
They do not exhaust resources and they support local development.
The report aims to ensure the long-term conservation and optimum utilisation of fisheries resources in the North-East Atlantic area, providing sustainable environmental and social benefits.
The report is, however, less than perfect in that it dwells on the problems we experience in our relations with the US.
Helms-Burton Act
Who if not the European Union can and should define the Community's role in this? Who can and should interpret the limits imposed by the principle of subsidiarity in this field?
For all of these reasons, however, there is no question that Egypt must be a democracy.
We therefore support it, however convinced we may be that it remains necessary to proceed in a clear and precise manner.
The EU's presence in Africa is not without its problems; however, China's presence is threatening to develop in a highly unfortunate direction.
I am not saying that this is good enough.
Turkey needs to look in the mirror: it has not implemented the Ankara Protocol or recognised Cyprus.
Two million households are borrowers, of which 3-4% are unable to service their debt.
One firm involved in such trade is the German company, Warendienst OCC GmbH, which arranges deliveries from Germany to individuals in Sweden via the Internet.
Unfortunately this is only true for part of the money, that is only for the borders within the EU.
I can assure you that there has indeed been some improvement.
There is also a lot than can be said regarding what the figures of improved economic well-being really reflect, the country having been reduced to generalised misery by the most ferocious form of collectivism.
Our duties as Parliament have increased.
in writing. - (NL) Madam President, the tax authorities face a challenging task in the globalised, all-digital world.
I fully endorse the focus given by the Rapporteur to the challenges posed to EU industry by the rapid growth of the Chinese economy in both unskilled labour-intensive industry as well as high-tech domains.
Secondly, there was the condition that the Commission should initiate a comprehensive study of the measure’s effectiveness.
Finally, it is doubtless not without interest to note that the partnership thus cemented with this great nation of the south may contribute to the creation of synergy useful to the European Union within the framework of the delicate negotiations which are about to be opened within the WTO at the Seattle Conference in November.
In addition, the Member States of the Union have been asked to participate, and we know that many countries are now doing so.
The launch, in the coming months, of Nautilus and Hermes, the two naval operations organised and financed by Frontex, the European external borders agency, will cost around EUR 24 million.
I believe that we should examine these amendments during the general debate.
I would also like to thank the Secretariat of the Committee on Petitions, including David Lowe, Karen Chioti and Silvia Cannalire, as well as those who have given me advice, help and cooperation: Szymon Szynkowski, Norbert Napierajów, Wojciech Danecki, Witold Ziobrze and Michał Krupiński.
Firstly, the level of inflation in individual EU countries is rising sharply, and as a result the average level of inflation across the EU will be around 4% in 2008, so indexing expenditure at 2% annually actually means a fall in expenditure.
With the Commission’s support, the fight will go on.
National trade barriers have been eliminated.
However, the Council's figures cut down these categories relating to the Lisbon Strategy, which should be at the core of the Union's policies.
I have one comment regarding the rescue mechanism to which the President-in-Office of the Council was referring.
I should like to explain very briefly what we mean by the agri-monetary system.
He has been clear that his commitment has been to produce a radical change.
How can this be done?
It is obvious that at least the countries interested in joining the EU will not accept a neighbourhood policy to compensate for or take the place of the prospect of EU membership.
Lastly, the efforts of the Polish parliament to adapt national law to the acquis communautaire must be highlighted.
There is the Europe of numbers, the technical Europe, but there are also those of us who envisage a Europe of culture, of education, of art, of mobility of artists, of encouragement for cross-European cultural creation.
In this connection, I would like to make a critical comment on Paragraph 14 of the joint motion for a resolution.
We can see that in Columbia. Such conflicts are very vicious and we must insist that, if we are to participate with money, an end is put to this situation.
What, though, did our governments do?
The rate at which Croatia will progress on the road to accession will largely depend on its ability to fulfil all of the necessary criteria.
I believe that such a procedure would give rise to an irrelevant third party in the social dialogue.
(PL) Mr President, Commissioner, to me it is highly regrettable that the new Member States benefit the least from the common agricultural policy.
I voted in favour of this report as I agree that there is a need to draw up a first Universal Maritime Labour Code.
This is a step forward, but still people need to be informed, on the ground, of the existence and accessibility of these security documents.
Once the directive has been adopted by the Council, we hope that the Member States will quickly give immediate priority: first, to judicial cooperation and harmonisation of their criminal legislation; secondly, to instructing state agencies and employers on how to apply the directive to all natural and legal persons; thirdly, to applying the 1997 Charter of the European Political Parties on the defence of fundamental rights and the fight against all forms of racial violence; fourthly, to the right of individual victims of discrimination to take collective action; fifthly, to guaranteeing the access of minorities to vocational training, employment, health services and national insurance and pension schemes and their participation in economic, social, political and cultural life.
It appears that the aim was to allow for a progressive adaptation of the small-scale coastal fleet.
Every speaker is saying how serious and dangerous the European Union's level of energy dependency is.
This is the only solution, there is no other.
The first part is a discussion of the study undertaken by the Commission and the adoption of a position on its findings, such as the amount of the minimum guarantee.
It is conceivable that these mistakes could be caused by errors made by the exporting companies or by the authorities of non-EU states, but they could also be the result of fraudulent transactions.
Europe’s citizens have their own worries and their own aspirations; these they address not only to us in this House, but also to the Commission.
I cite that as only one example of the interconnections that exist in this area.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission considers that the part played by renewable energy sources in the European Union's energy supply system should be amplified.
The large-scale discussion on Nabucco.
We need an integrated policy, one which makes sense to European citizens, to immigrants and to international partners.
However, the path is not strewn with roses.
Although the technical benefits of satellites would be an improvement, they would never manage to drop aid on each olive tree.
The use of joint flights for removals does not entail the violation of the principle of non-refoulement or the circumvention of the requirement for cases to be examined on an individual basis.
The amendments the Commission is able to accept are the following: Amendments Nos 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12, 17, 18, 20, 21, 24, 29, 31, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 55 and 57.
As things stand, it is clear that we are only limited by the resources available.
As was mentioned this morning, the Human Rights Commissioner of the Council of Europe, whom I very much admire, Mr Thomas Hammarberg, explained to us that this is not a closed story, that it is still going on, and that he would very much wish for Parliament to cooperate with the Council of Europe on this important issue.
But to bring it down to a more human level: to give assistance to those people who are trying to come off drugs, and give them proper controls and proper mechanisms for rehabilitation; secondly, to coordinate amongst the police forces and the judiciary with regard to common penalties and common laws; thirdly, to undertake an information and awareness campaign for young people; and once and for all to put an end to these very dangerous words of "normalisation" and "harm reduction" and show that any weakening of our resolve in making sure that drugs are not legalised must be for the good of all our people.
- The next item is the Council and Commission statements on Kosovo.
Given the consistency in views between Parliament and the Council – views shared by the Commission – I am confident that we can now move forward rapidly towards early adoption of this proposal.
This proposal aims to make the collection of data by type of goods obligatory for maritime transport statistics and to standardise the type of information collated and processed in the 27 Member States.
Of course, we can only have accessibility of services if we have a specific disability directive.
Enlargement must not, however, be taken too fast.
We believe that strict controls are needed and that the manufacture of all types of equipment - and not just exports as the report suggests - should be denied, if not banned.
It is a programme that will soon be ten years old and that has enjoyed some success, with more than 350 projects funded, mainly through NGOs involved in this field.
Ladies and gentlemen, what I must remind you of and recommend is that we should bring this sitting back to the matter in hand, in other words, putting questions to the Council rather than starting a debate between Members.
The economy has gathered additional pace, and income from taxation has increased.
I do, however, recognise the need to keep accounts of these charges.
The debate is closed.
At the time, the Greens certainly expressed concern at these problems, but being bound by political friendships and dependence, they were silent on the subject of the building of nuclear power stations in the East.
But there is still some time remaining and possibly we will come back to this debate next year, under the Spanish Presidency.
But do you know how that comes across to our citizens?
(PL) Mr President, not only is the 2007 budget the first budget in the new 2007-2013 Financial Perspective, but it is also the first budget relating to 27 Member States, including Bulgaria and Romania.
Five million more people are injured or have lost their homes, livelihoods or families.
Brussels does not take public health protection really seriously either, for there is no other explanation for the failure to transpose the Convention on the Protection of the Alps.
Therefore, I feel that, like Parliament, in addition to developing this type of measure, such as that presented in the Rothley report, we should endeavour to take further steps to avoid blatant discrimination against citizens of the same country, and also extend an invitation to the insurance companies: while it is mandatory to be insured, it is also mandatory for the insurance companies to insure the citizens.
This goal must be attained without thereby increasing the risk to payments.
Citizens have the right to information, advice and guidance in all matters connected with the work of the Community's institutions and boards.
Secondly, we have to ensure that European Union law is sufficiently flexible within the bounds of safety to allow new products to be developed.
Once again, we have seen just how far the Council of Ministers' consultation of Parliament falls short of the mark.
If I remember rightly, we adopted this report with only one vote against.
The World Bank is including poverty reduction programmes in its plans, and is expressing concern about countries such as Tanzania which spend more on debt servicing than either health or education.
This document is important for ensuring that the Agency can make effective organisational arrangements to implement its strategy and achieve its goals.
My final comment concerns the 14th Directive, for which I am also rapporteur.
It was argued that identical speeds create congestion and bottlenecks on the roads.
The Commission, like the Member States, is concerned about the US vote against the text.
(FR) Madam President, I am grateful to Mrs Lulling for agreeing to my little interruption.
Could it be that, when major economic interests are involved, we are rather less principled than with human rights?
It would be less time-consuming and less expensive surely to have used that rather than go through the procedure we have just gone through.
The Pan-African Parliament and the European Parliament have now entered the field with determination, with a joint statement, and this is something exceptional.
Europe’s captains of industry and the political forces carrying out their guidelines are, once again against the wishes of the people, trying to regain the initiative.
Let me perhaps give you a few very rough figures once again: we estimate the need at EUR 5.5 billion and, overall, 3.3 billion of that will come from the external action heading.
Again, I would suggest to Members of this House that is exactly why we have commissioned the paper – in order to translate those broad areas of work into concrete achievement in due course.
With a view to the first Summit they also asked: how can you actually succeed in brokering an agreement when the positions of the Member States are so far apart?
93 % of the Terranova Great Bank lies in Canada's exclusive economic zone, and the Community fleet, operating in international waters, must not be made to pay for Canada's mismanagement in this area.
Two obstacles remain.
His reasons are groundless and the aim of the amendment is in breach with the environmental interests and principles of the internal market.
As stated on previous occasions, both parties believe it is a key issue and a priority, especially following the events of 11 September.
Despite some compromises reached between the various political groups within the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs on many key points in Mrs Vălean's report, and notwithstanding the political conviction and position that I express on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats in my capacity as shadow rapporteur on the report, namely that the free movement of Community citizens is a fundamental EU right, the final version of the report nevertheless contains a series of inappropriate references, in some of the footnotes to recital S, which compel us, as the Italian delegation of the PPE-DE, to vote against this report in the Chamber due to the single block vote stipulated for this type of report.
We were forced to accept a compromise that we intended to improve at the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference.
The problem is not comitology itself, but the question is whether Article 9 is in a correct relationship to Articles 3 to 8, that is whether the most important points really are in Articles 3 to 8.
The Stockholm Conference has provided chilling and terrible data.
I should also like to urge the national information points to closely involve sports clubs, supporters' associations and the UEFA in its activities, so that these can be implemented as well and effectively as possible so as to enhance security at football matches with an international dimension.
I emphasise once again the significance of a global perspective, but if you have read the Brundtland Commission report carefully, you will see that our definition is correct.
Transatlantic relations are now in stormy waters.
Indeed, in order to ensure that this derogation, which should allow for the creation of jobs and wealth, is of genuine benefit to local populations and does not harm the European fishery product processing and canning industries, it was vital to provide for an assessment of its impact as soon as possible and to allow for its suspension, where necessary.
I would ask the Commission to take a much harder line on this practical benchmarking than it has done in the past.
It raises the need to establish provisions at European level in the field of motor insurance so as to protect accident victims effectively.
The notice is not consistent with the proposal for a directive: the Commission is presenting two documents - a proposal for a directive and a notice - whose contents are not at all consistent with each other.
Then there is Donald Rumsfeld, US Secretary of Defence, the President of a laboratory that Monsanto bought in 1985.
I will continue serving that cause in any way I can.
It seems that the concept of the four freedoms underpinning the European Union is something that, sadly, often exists only on paper.
If the European Court of Human Rights clearly has no respect for such human rights, I cannot see that it is possible to recognise it here as an approved and appropriate decision-making body.
Some Member States are equipped with their own national laboratories, but the European Centre for Infectious Diseases must set up a group to monitor the ways in which the health situation is monitored in the Member States.
The Conference of Presidents – a body democratically elected by us in this House – decided on 9 June to send the letter of invitation to the representatives of the two countries in question.
We do not believe that equal treatment is a matter of discussing complex subtleties: it is in the hands of the Council.
The report therefore does not deal with whether aid can be provided, but rather how it should be given, when it has been decided to grant aid for public transport.
Finally, we must not forget that the structural funds are already promoting very substantial environmental investment, e.g. in the Objective 1 regions where this assistance accounts for about ECU 1 600 million, and I think this is indeed an example of cohesion in environmental policy.
It represents some progress, but it is capable of being perfected rather than perfect as it stands.
   The next item is the vote.
27.
We should remember that this particular instrument comes under Article 7(a).
As has been shown by some manufacturers, an agreement can also be reached with the workforce, aimed at reducing costs.
I wish to congratulate Mrs Meissner on her excellent efforts and on the cooperation between us and to thank all the shadow rapporteurs for their efforts.
We will judge your presidency primarily by your achievements in preparing the reunification of our continent.
In paragraph 31 we are asking for compensation in the event of crimes of violence to be harmonised.
In order to prevent the obliteration and desertification of our agriculture, we must develop further instruments that will stop the rural exodus.
I thought that afterwards, we might save time by abbreviating it.
   A corrigendum to the agenda of the sittings of 3 and 4 December, containing the proposals for changes made by the Groups, has been distributed.
But I do think it ill behoves us to go home and rail about fraud in the European Union and talk about what we are doing about it, when we have this excellent Committee of Inquiry's report and very few people are here to debate it.
Existing legislation applies to all tobacco manufacturers, which is important in ensuring that smuggling activity is not simply displaced into products manufactured by companies that have chosen not to sign an agreement, or who might at some point choose to withdraw from one.
I do not think that Mr Vaillant currently has the necessary sensitivity to offer the solutions that the French Government must offer.
Likewise, in the preparation of the IDABC Programme, the Council also acknowledges the organisation of by Commission of a conference due to take place in Brussels on 17 and 18 February 2005, which will focus on the requirements for pan-European eGovernment Services for citizens and businesses and on the factors needed to implement them.
Since the regulation entered into force on 17 February 2005, the Commission has been watching closely to ensure that it is being enforced by the Member States and has been monitoring the airlines to check that they are enforcing it.
Firstly, the systematic call for the imposition of unilateral conditions and objectives which, apart from having the potential to destroy a partnership that we want to be of equals, could also undermine the choices made by the ACP countries themselves on their own development policies.
Responsibility for implementing the integrated guidelines will rest with the Member States.
Mr President, colleagues, the commission has finally produced this long-awaited Green Paper on the retail trade.
We recall how OLAF’s investigations can commence only where there is well-founded suspicion and that they must be of appropriate duration – in other words, they must not be artificially extended.
From Parliament's point of view, the Irish presidency has taken an important step in the paper which it has drawn up for the Intergovernmental Conference.
Germany even believes that it is worth making higher net payments to Europe in return for the abolition of the Stability and Growth Pact.
I believe it would be very helpful for him to explain, on behalf of the Commission, how the latter intends to adapt the Stability and Growth Pact to the new situation.
(DE) Mr President, I rise to speak here as a passionate pro-European, and am convinced that we are currently receiving a lesson in what EU democracy should not look like.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy would like EUR 300 million.
The question of the level of employment in the aerospace sector is implicit in the Commission's approach which aims to increase the competitiveness of this European industry.
Thirdly, the 'Singapore' issues, namely competition, investment, facilitation of trade and transparency in public contracts.
Once this regulation is accepted it will go directly into implementation and that means, I believe, that before summer or in summer 2007 consumers and workers could profit from much lower roaming tariffs.
By the way, it will be very interesting to see whether the governments which have criticised animal transport, etc. now really seize the opportunity to follow Parliament's line.
Today, 26 October 2005, however, the weather in Strasbourg is wonderful, spring-like and warm, and it is the same in Bergamo, my home town, as well as in Athens.
We therefore decided to fund it using the margin which totals 21 million in this heading.
Mr Holm emphasised trade issues and suggested that competition is incompatible with animal welfare; I disagree.
Among other things, politics is about symbolism, and the fact that Parliament decided to vote on this issue at a time of major crisis for the European institutions is not something that I welcome or applaud.
The first concerns the amounts necessary to meet the aspirations of everyone who wants to see a successful Europe in the future – whether that ceiling should be 1% of GNI, or 1.24%, or somewhere in between – and to remind everyone that today is the start of what will probably be a 12-month process.
The campaign for disarmament and demilitarization is thus an essential aspect of our security on the European continent.
If the Council does not remedy it, it will be the Court of Justice of the European Communities that has to declare the report approved today contrary to Community law, and it will thereby be making the final decision, in the event that the opinion issued today by the EP is followed.
Nevertheless, the same events do not guarantee a democratic outcome.
I would like to take this opportunity to put a couple of questions that I have concerning the commitments made by the Commission in connection with the negotiations ahead of the first reading vote on the Toys Directive, as well as ahead of our plenary vote.
The EU must in my opinion stand strongly against that.
on behalf of the UEN Group. - (PL) Mr President, this reform is justified but it is unfair.
There have obviously been others before me who have had the opportunity and the honour of speaking for the overseas departments, notably through the Ligios report. It was that report that in 1987 report initially raised awareness in the Community institutions of the problems of the overseas departments and ultraperipheral regions and their specific characteristics, and I would also like to thank and congratulate those people for their work.
The Temelin nuclear power station is a yardstick of the credibility of this House.
Together with a firm Stability Pact, we need structural reforms.
Greater demands must be made upon the EIB in terms of providing information and evaluating projects and the importance of proper professional supervision and auditing must be emphasised.
In view of the enormous technical advances, it is therefore quite right to call for the existing European system for combating money laundering to be adjusted to technical innovations such as direct banking and prepaid cards and under no circumstances to delay this.
Mr President, I must firstly thank Mr Borloo for his constructive attitude and for indicating the Council's willingness to conclude the discussion on this package by the end of this legislative term.
This is true both of the Habitats Directive and the Nitrates Directive since they both require the review of agricultural and regional planning policies which may cause pollution or destruction of natural environments.
The meeting of the General Affairs and External Relations Council of 3 October confirmed that the EU remains firmly united around the European Union E3 Troika approach.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I gladly take the floor to endorse Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou's report, even though I do so with a touch of sadness, since, last weekend, we received a further tragic piece of news in relation to women, namely the stoning to death of a woman in Baghdad, on Saturday 21 October.
A European common treasury collecting some taxes at European level would allow the reduction of national transfers to the EU.
   . The Commission has organised three meetings with the national control bodies – on 19 May 2005, 17 February 2006 and 14 September 2006, which is very recent – with a view to strengthening the coordination among the various Member States and to harmonising the application of the provisions of the regulation concerned.
Security, on the other hand, is linked to a unilateral determination of the final status of the borders, with maintaining the occupation of East Jerusalem, with the settlements on the West Bank and with the Wall of Shame.
Perhaps all these persons were mistaken; the fact remains that one initial, important conclusion can be drawn following this hearing: a legislative initiative concerning the grace period can be envisaged only at international level, through the World Intellectual Property Organisation.
However, it is also important to me that consumers do not become victims.
Madam President, information is not any old commodity, and perhaps it is not even a commodity. Mr Herman was right to say so in his introduction; he made it clear in presenting his long and painstaking report which is an important document, indeed fundamental, at an important time for information, and which has our support.
Finally, with regard to the democracy and human rights instrument, I have often stated that for us the EIDHR is a flagship policy.
We have to make all our citizens understand that Europe today is all about a single currency but tomorrow it will be about political union.
In this whole business, the Brussels Commission has behaved badly.
The European Union, a symbol of human rights around the world, must guarantee fair treatment of third-country nationals residing in its territory and establish an inclusive policy towards them.
By allowing them to develop tailor-made plans for the relevant regions and, if necessary, tying this in with financial aid, a higher return can be achieved.
Mr President, I too would like to add my voice to those who support the Brok report and also to express my fascination for the paranoia that has come from that side of the House.
The preservation of this heritage means the preservation of the memories of our culture and history, everyday life, big events, small tragedies and common joys.
Commissioner Malmström may well idealistically muse how sacrosanct the Schengen acquis is, while the majority in Parliament may well drily consider how marvellous it would be if Bulgaria and Romania were to join the Schengen area, but it is just not realistic.
Public scrutiny is not dangerous. Rather, it is democratic and efficient.
Now it is here in the European Parliament and it is the Parliament that has to take this approach, as you and others point out.
On behalf of these people, I beg you for assistance and solidarity.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Maat for a good report and good cooperation, namely in his raising the issue of public health.
Will it be the WHO, the ECDC or the European Commission?
With this explanation of vote, I intend to highlight the fact that the intense debate stirred up by an issue that, in reality, involves less than 1% of our resources should prompt Parliament and the Commission to adopt the precautionary principle, so as not to underestimate the impact of this matter on public opinion, to which we refer when we seek consensus for Europe.
In order to safeguard growth and enable our rural communities to thrive in the future too, it is vital that we increase our knowledge of the impact on the Baltic Sea.
The people should not be punished for the madness of the dictator who rules over them, and it is for that reason that we support these measures.
Our Polish colleagues addressed this project or, more precisely, this part with a suggestion and we gave them the task of making a more concrete proposal.
Looking at the press preview - the preview of the plenary sitting of 21 to 24 April - I can read about the important reports on the immunity of MEPs, but there is nothing about the discharges for the 2007 financial year.
I have noticed recently how a gap has been growing between those who think that those things are mutually exclusive.
We shall say no to demands from the ranks of the Member States for regulations which are not necessary and I shall also say no if demands come from the European Parliament – and this is, unfortunately, often the case – for regulation which we do not need and the same Parliament then criticises the Commission because it over-regulates.
Mr President, if today we are to debate the 1997 annual report on the EU's research and technological development activities, then we should also be asking a number of fundamental questions.
I expect the European Parliament to play an important role here.
If the regions of Asturias and Castilla y León present it with a new project which respects all natural areas and which conform to Community legislation, would the Commission be prepared to cofinance such a project, in order to prevent the economic losses which the region of Asturias could face by dismantling the existing pylons?
Additional economic strength is provided by the power stations and through tax revenue.
Eighteen years after the first directive on pregnant workers and workers who have recently given birth and/or are breastfeeding, the economic and demographic situation in Europe has certainly changed.
As a matter of fact, it is hard to understand why the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) Treaties and Conventions dedicate an enormous range of rights and protection to musical authors, performers and producers and even to radio broadcasting organisations and do not do the same for audio-visual performers, who have no international rights other than a single payment for their work.
This means that it is essential to maintain cotton production in order to preserve the social and economic fabric of these areas. It is also the reason for the two most important requests made by Parliament: that the overshoot penalty percentage should not be increased from 50% to 60%, and that the maximum guaranteed quantities be brought into line with actual production levels.
In this regard I have one more point to make. It is a question of the ceterum censeo that has been mentioned in many statements, the ceterum censeo about inviting the President to today's informal meeting.
The current trend is that the vast majority of highly qualified workers migrate to the USA, Canada or Australia instead of the EU.
We draw the Commissioner's attention to the fact that, by traditional medicinal herbs we mean those that have been used for at least 30 years, at least ten years of which within the Community and 20 outside, as suggested by Parliament.
in writing. - The public sector has been hampered by traditional methods in the procurement of research and development services.
You are a friend of Sharon against Arafat.
Religious services are conducted only in Hungarian in all Slovak communities in Hungary, and they are conducted exclusively by Hungarian priests.
The pressure exerted by the three institutions together has made the breakthrough in negotiations possible and enabled us to have a solid expectation that this project, the greatest in our time within the European Union, can, as planned, be brought to completion in Copenhagen in December.
It is through working together at EU and international level that we can do something important for children, who must be protected from such crimes.
We object to discriminatory comments by politicians aimed at homosexuals, given that such comments more often than not incite hatred and violence.
But at the same time I should say that we do not of course want a European penal code.
Consumer protection, an effective financial industry and stable financial markets constitute the supreme objective of financial supervision, which must also help the industry fully utilise its potential and creativity.
I do hope that the amended Regulation will be implemented appropriately in all EU Member States.
You know as well as I do, and everyone here knows, that we always took them too late. We are taking one step forwards and two steps backwards.
The Commission believes that, with the text agreed by Coreper on 16 February, we have reached the right moment for a positive decision.
The matter has also been taken up by the Ombudsman himself.
More than a raft of incentives and targeted funding, our small and medium-sized enterprises need greater and simpler freedom of action, hence less bureaucracy, and also certain guarantees.
That is also a good thing.
I think the Commission has been demonstrating this. I think that the Member States immediately and massively supported our action and I think we should also be a little bit less critical about those services.
I believe that measures to combat drink-driving are crucial and that we should act jointly in this area.
Finally, a common legal base linked to a single budget line is in line with the Commission' s policy of limiting the number of small legal bases and budget lines.
The reason is the perception that it is still better for a workforce to move within the framework of common European rules than create arrangements for derogations.
I think it is very important that Europe gets better at not taking the blame when we are not to be blamed.
Emphasising the important and irreplaceable role which the growing of sugar cane plays in some of those regions, the report comes down heavily in favour of total compensation for any loss of revenue which overseas farmers might suffer and demands, equally firmly, that the essential mechanism of marketing aid should be retained.
Taking back vehicles free of charge, as envisaged here, is to my mind a snare.
We are all here and there is nothing to stop us, and in this way we will show all those countries against whom we often have to deliver opinions that we will not hold back on matters requiring thorough investigation such as discrimination against the disabled or where journalists are prevented from doing their job, and that we will not hesitate to investigate these incidents even when they occur within our Community.
It is the first of a series of measures recommended by a highlevel working group with a remit to draw up a Community aviation safety improvement strategy.
Madam President, I wish to refer to the comments which the President, Mrs. Fontaine, made yesterday concerning the prohibition of the use of mobile telephones inside the hemicycle.
Whilst swiping at the current targets of the left - the United States and Israel - it misses the opportunity to expose those corrupt regimes on many continents that keep their people in misery, and offers very little support to the victims of terrorism or those engaged in fighting terrorism.
It is quite correct that, when we look around the European Union, we see many regions in which islands play a major role, and that is quite clearly the case, as the speaker pointed out, for the Finnish region.
In any case, I am currently having this question looked at by my experts.
It would also seem that, in Canada, fishermen have not been sufficiently involved in the preparation and management of restocking plans.
As regards the deployment of this mission, and in response to the question from several Members of Parliament, among them Mrs Martens, I would like to reiterate that there was a 12-day interruption in the deployment of the mission, which has now ended.
Europe has been strong in trade and in industry with a bias towards business but weaker in its support for its citizens.
Five hundred years ago, Mr Lucia Patchioli, an Italian monk, developed the fundamentals of book-keeping which are still used today.
This means that each year assistance is provided to approximately 1 million people suffering from exclusion, including young people.
Mrs Kuneva and Mr Orban will thus become full Members of the Commission as of 1 January 2007.
   . On the basis of the European Council agreement dating from 16 and 17 December 2005, the situation of the outermost regions for the period 2007-2013 is as follows.
There is one fact which I believe to be irrefutable and that is that, since the beginning of the second Intifada, there have been more than 2 700 victims on the Palestinian side and almost 800 on the Israeli side.
We also believe that those countries which, for various reasons, have exposed their agriculture to a tough market in recent years should not be treated unfairly.
My party is a party which speaks plainly.
I would appeal to the right of the Parliament, the Group of the European People's Party, to join us in supporting the amendment but I look in vain for its presence here tonight and for its contribution to this debate.
In Germany, another Member State, rules are very strict.
I am convinced that regimes such as the regime in Burma have to fall sooner or later and the European Union should help it fall.
How should I, if I come from a third country, provide services in another country?
Perhaps this is something which requires further debate.
Democracy, respect for the individual and his rights, freedom of thought, the protection of minorities and respect for diversity.
Commissioner, the purpose behind this oral question today is to give you the opportunity to share some thoughts with us before making your proposal to the Council and Parliament on how research is to be funded.
That will enable us to vote until 12.40 p.m.
He has got what he wanted.
Alongside this is the issue of the financial health of airlines and the stricter requirements for the terms and conditions that apply to aircraft leasing, including proposed time limits.
The next item is the order of business.
I have always applied products with a sensitive approach to other human beings as well as wildlife.
Care must be taken with regard to competition law, however.
My colleagues' register of interests is complete.
The Lisbon Strategy is not only a five-ten year plan, but the foundation of our competitiveness and survival for the next 100-150 years.
Madam President, the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy regards the Commission proposal as positive, as it solves the shortcomings of the first package with regard to coherence, effectiveness, cost reduction and improved management.
This afternoon, we voted on the Statute for a European private company.
We should also have liked to bring about a ban on the use of antibiotics in foodstuffs since such use may lead to increased resistance, and we should have liked to have seen a more thorough investigation of the risks associated with the sweetener aspartame, but on these points a majority of the committee was opposed to us.
During discussions held in the context of the Council preparations, many changes have been introduced to the original proposal, some of which go in the direction of your suggested amendments.
We are all agreed that concrete results are required and most of us consider that the guidelines should be quantifiable and verifiable.
At their meeting on 1 March, the Heads of State and Government agreed that we should do this in a coordinated manner, in line with the guidelines provided by the Commission.
I would begin by thanking my colleague Adriana Poli Bortone, now a senator of the Italian Republic, from whom I inherited the draft report and an already detailed, meticulous study of the topic; next my staff, who have supported me enthusiastically and conscientiously in furthering my exploration and analysis of the phenomenon; and finally the shadow rapporteurs, whose commitment undoubtedly contributed to the adoption of the text in the Committee on the Environment, with a virtually unanimous cross-party consensus.
We must therefore ask ourselves if there is not a need for action to restore a healthy environment, requiring, over and above the necessary legal punitive and preventive measures, watchfulness and ethical commitment on the part of all of us.
It may be that some of them have never existed.
Once again, President, I can imagine easier tasks.
The Council and the Commission have aligned themselves with the position of those who fiercely oppose any progress in workers' rights in Europe.
Such a broad-based approach is necessary.
(The sitting was suspended at 5.20 p.m. while awaiting Questions to the Commission and resumed at 5.35 p.m.)
I firmly believe that the Commission should be involved in this new initiative.
Then there are the competition-distorting factors of burden sharing among the Member States generally, the relationship between emissions trading and the fiscal interests of individual states, and that between emissions trading and the free energy market.
There is little doubt about that.
The Commission takes the view that this procedure would be inconsistent with the decision of 28 June 1999 on the comitology.
In order to examine the real effects more precisely, the Commission is ready to produce an evaluation report.
Ever since the decision to admit ten new Member States, at the latest, it has been clear that reforms are essential.
However, as Commissioner Kristalina Georgieva said, 'The quality of our humanitarian aid is of the utmost importance'.
The public's perception of hunger is very often the televisual one of famine.
It is unacceptable that we should treat an applicant state of the European Union in a time of crisis and tension to a three or four minute debate as part of the topical and urgent debate.
You, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, have said that 82 solution measures have been proposed.
In my view, the social package is far from meeting people's expectations, because it simply does nothing at all to bridge the social divides in Europe and does not even take any action to halt the widening of these divisions, to freeze the situation as it now stands.
This age of austerity offers an opportunity for the EU to spend less on old and wasteful priorities.
Not only do we have, as we all know, close historical and cultural links, but we also share common interests and values, and our economic links are increasingly solid.
This task should not prejudice the allocation of powers between the Community and its Member States with regard to the legislative provisions concerning drug supply and demand.
The drawbacks of Lisbon may have become more visible by now, but the much touted benefits have not.
All the countries in the region have amended their laws in recent years in order to eliminate this inhuman and exploitative practice, but Guatemala has not yet taken that step.
The euro will be a new symbol of the unity of Europe.
Mr President, I would also like to begin by congratulating Mrs Ţicău on all the hard work and dedication she has put into such a significant report, and on the work that she has done towards improving the energy performance of buildings and in support of a more sustainable Europe.
Until 11 this morning, there were no reports at all, something that seems to have something to do with the reorganisation of the press service.
Subject: Livestock markets
Similar threats and sanctions are provided for in cases where provisions are infringed governing confidentiality relating to 'closed meetings' and the publication of documents which, it should be noted, often circulate on the media.
Where Aids is concerned, we cannot merely tell people to live differently, to avoid doing certain things, and to be more responsible.
The latest report by the European Environment Agency shows as clearly as one could wish that there are so many problems with our water that the time for action is now, which means legislation in the form of a framework directive, as soon as the drinking water directive has been dealt with.
Protection for victims of human trafficking must also improve. Without protection for victims, we will never be able to prosecute the human traffickers.
It will thus make it quicker and simpler to fill gaps or to regulate or update more detailed aspects in a legislative act, avoiding excessively complicated and prolonged legislative procedures, which used to have negative consequences for the public.
I would therefore ask both the Commissioner and the President-in-Office of the Council to take care to ensure that, where future work is concerned, women are involved in the reconstruction processes.
One of the consequences derived from the crisis was the need to create independent European agencies for supervising the banks and insurance of the financial markets.
Air transport emissions are rapidly increasing; they have almost doubled since 1990 and are expected to double once again by 2020.
The European Union, through its delegation in Kathmandu and the embassies of the EU Member States, has been monitoring these developments in close contact with the Tibetan community and the government.
We did not wait for Mr Bush to denounce tax havens, but under no circumstances will we give his secret services a blank cheque.
There can be no question that the implementation of the external policies has had a negative effect on the EU's reputation.
I look forward to discussing these issues with you and I am confident that together with the European Parliament, the Member States and the social partners, we can make them work better.
The Brake Assist systems currently available will bring with them a major boost to accident prevention.
That of course is why the European Union is so interested in universities and further education.
There are, however, certain paragraphs and a few amendments that, in our view, take away some of the objectivity and detachment of Parliament's resolution - I mean the Tobin tax and writing off the debt of the developing countries.
Consequently, if we wish to continue to guarantee the principle of abolishing our internal borders, we must be able to assume our responsibilities by better monitoring the external borders.
This lesson has to be very effective.
The draft regulation was conceived according to this approach, consistently advocated by European industry, which the Commission fully supports.
I hope that the document and its implementation will help to consolidate political developments in the region.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - (SK) Mr President, on 18 March the new European banking authority published the scenarios and the stress tests through which it wishes to check European banks.
We all have a responsibility to ensure all of our fellow men are cared for and look after.
It would have been far better and more equitable to use some of our traditional under-spend in the budget for a good cause like that.
   Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the allegations with which we are dealing are extremely serious ones.
Madam President, all I asked for is whether or not it is possible to put the request that we do not vote this coming Friday to the vote. After all, this is now the item on the agenda: determining the agenda for this plenary session.
In recent years, several projects concerning the processing of these data have been launched, in particular the second generation Schengen Information System and the Visa Information System (VIS).
I merely wish to ask whether the written explanations of vote should not be taken first.
The European Commission has undertaken to elaborate the Baltic Interconnection Plan and to present it to the EU energy ministers in December.
I do take this very seriously, Madam President, and I hope that your staff, when they examine this objectively, will come to the conclusion tomorrow that the report - whatever report that is, whatever number it has, I mean report A-0245, which is on the agenda and has a definite subject matter - well, I would consider it as highly questionable for a report to be rewritten by officials and suddenly put on the agenda.
Swedish forests, the backbone of the Swedish economy, are used ecologically and with care for the environment.
This is despite the outstanding work of Commissioner Potočnik, and Mr Buzek and his colleagues, who have been among the first ever to look at the needs of the new Member States, where science and research are appallingly under-funded.
That is simply not so.
A smoke-free environment is a goal we should strive for, but in future we will need to pay more attention to ensuring that the action we take is reasonable and that compliance with the law can be monitored.
But we can work at it, and that is why what we are debating here at the moment is as important as changes to the offside rule in football.
That should be our starting-point.
(Parliament adopted the text)
Turkey argued that its incursions were justified on the grounds that elements of its own outlawed Kurdish Workers Party, the PKK, have been availing of their relative protection in northern Iraq to strike at Turkey.
Without a criticism of the current nature of power, mafia organizations which are in collusion with certain political systems or nations will never truly be combatted, even if we claim otherwise.
In particular we should follow the example of the Egyptian Government in their ongoing peace negotiations with regard to Sudan, Chad and other areas.
Apart from that, I very much welcome the across-the-board agreement on what the analysis of the current situation in Ukraine should be.
We will not let our citizens think that their representatives are responsible for a text wrongly labelled the 'Shameful Directive'.
This prohibits both imports and exports of all products containing mercury, so creating a holistic view of the matter.
Everyone is in favour of more flexibility, of trying to eliminate bureaucracy.
Italy has been there since the start of the European integration project and has always played an extremely important role.
This was not a natural relationship between an authority exercising public power and an external auditor.
The Commission has already published a document on the subject.
There are almost 100 million sheep in the Europe and yet we do not have a sustainable EU wool sector.
Today we can take a step in the right direction, and I really do hope that the right wing will therefore change its mind and that we simply declare what we are now concealing.
The EU can and must take the lead in this area.
That policy is now being continued.
We have all decided to make the Headline Goal and its military capabilities our main priority.
It is also important that the role of farmers in trade is enhanced, and it is also important that the matter of the protein deficit is addressed.
With these safeguards, we will have a strong addition to a fair and balanced common European asylum system.
But Johannesburg did result in consensus, and that in itself is positive.
It says that the people charged are completely innocent, that they do not belong to ETA, and that the newspaper has not funded ETA, nor has ETA funded the newspaper.
Belarus has a responsibility to safeguard its citizens' human rights and respect them.
9.
The first item is the oral question to the Commission by Erminia Mazzoni, on behalf of the Committee on Petitions, on the application of the EIA Directive in Austria (Ο-000084/2011 - Β7-0314/2011).
Limited closed areas and seasons may offer some protection but they have proved difficult to implement.
Madam President, I should like to start where the rapporteur has left off.
And this liberalisation proposed by the Commission will no doubt benefit short sea shipping.
In those circumstances, if a credible newspaper and a credible human rights NGO allege that secret war-on-terror jails exist in Eastern Europe, and specifically in Poland and Romania, what do we do?
Which is why we want to insist and want to press for Turkey to be helped on its way with a road map and a specific timetable and, of course the accession partnership which the Commissioner referred to earlier, and not just to remain a candidate.
I would encourage us to intervene again in the current discussion about the USA's violation of the principles of international law. This report has given us a good opportunity to do so.
We are living in rather unstable times, and threats arise not only because of irresponsible human activity and accidents but also intentional acts.
The losers are the developing. and the least developed, countries.
Each of these issues has been addressed in this communication.
And we have to take the conclusions of the Luxembourg summit seriously.
author. - (PL) Madam President, Commissioner, we are very pleased to hear of the reopening of negotiations and peace talks between the National Liberation Forces and the government in Burundi.
(PL) Madam President, I have come here not just as a Member of the European Parliament, but also as a person with practical experience of the European School, as I am the father of a child that attended the European School in Brussels for three years and who last year took the baccalaureate.
As we all know, democracy, and hence communication, come at a price.
Redirecting money into nuclear research, however, cannot be in the interests of the people of Europe and this money would be better spent, for example, on renewable energy sources.
This has been blindingly obvious since the breakup of the Soviet Union 17 years ago as this region is full of recurring tensions and disputed borders. It is a place where the collective memory is haunted by the inherited traumas of successive wars and violence, where the ethnic and religious mosaic and the accumulation of resentments and humiliations provide dangerously fertile ground for nationalism.
The European Union and Canada have had good, solid trade relations for many years.
Do they have any say if, for example, Poland were to join with specific derogations which, as far as the EFTA countries were concerned, undermined the EEA agreement?
If I remember correctly, only one newspaper - a French one - directly picked up on the signals from Russia.
I would be grateful if you could pay attention to this issue, too.
I consider questions about the building work in Brussels and Strasbourg to be questions which greatly concern us and our voters who ask questions.
Namely, convincing Europe by its economic, legal, financial and political activities that it is a sufficiently committed partner for the EU to ask itself, sooner or later, would it not be worthwhile to include Ukraine in the common European entity?
For example, Europass is an instrument for promoting the transparency of qualifications, a key factor in achieving the Lisbon goals and was presented within a package along with the Leonardo programme.
We congratulate Mrs Frays on her report and will broadly support its adoption.
The Member States take many different views on this particular point.
My third point is that the money must be spent in Europe.
This enlargement is a reunification of Europe.
Among the many proposals in this report, those that deal with the subject of child abuse are very important.
However, having an effective European foreign policy and our own defensive capabilities without having our own intelligence service and a facility for gathering information is like having a house without a roof.
I shall be voting in favour of both.
This directive is about building a strong, competitive audiovisual industry which should offer one million new European jobs by the year 2000; it is about Europeans benefiting economically and culturally from an expanding industry.
The environmental argument is not relevant either, as imported coal is equally as polluting as indigenous coal.
I am also pleased to see that the report proposes an appreciable increase in the relevant budgetary appropriations, which will serve to intensify the fight against organised crime and against terrorism, to improve the system of controls at the EU’s external borders and to ensure that the common immigration and asylum policies are pursued effectively.
Because of the failure to establish agreement on the new European Constitution during the previous presidency, their first main task is to reach that agreement.
Perhaps, in the context of a revisiting of the Eastern Partnership, things would improve.
And that is why I will make a comment, and I would ask all those who still wish to tell Turkey that there was a genocide seventy-five years ago - which is true - in what way does that help the debate in Turkey today?
The elections can be decisive and positive for a democratic Honduras.
This new phase, or rather policy, identifies the prospect of integrating the region into Europe as the only option for settling its conflicts peacefully.
Finally, Madam President, one more question: what is the state of play when it comes to the launch of the European Asylum Support Office in Malta?
All of the relevant European Union legislation, consisting of several hundred directives and regulations, had to be brought into line with it.
In particular, I agree with the request made by the rapporteur, Mrs Nedelcheva, for a work-life balance or for further measures to be taken to support single mothers.
Mr President, this issue of the framework for informing and consulting employees is controversial.
But of course probably the best messages I can transfer today to you are the revised treaty proposals.
That does not relieve us of the obligation to consider how this state and its citizens are to be dealt with in future, however.
This is a step in the right direction, towards more democracy and transparency in the process whereby European laws are made.
In essence, then, this amendment is no longer necessary.
The last century in Europe was marked by war in its first half and division into East and West in its second.
We read today in communication COM (2002) 422, which was presented yesterday, that a firm has imported shrimps with very high nitrofuran levels - 20 mg - from Vietnam via Ostend into Germany and then on to Austria and Luxembourg as well as selling them in Germany.
. (EL) The 'steel crisis' is proof most positive of the shortcomings of the market economy and neo-liberal system which the USA and the European Union are determined to impose on the world.
The chairman of the scientific committee too was dragged into the debate, which was certainly not an ideal situation.
In a recent UK study of more than 1000 CEOs commissioned by the think-tank Open Europe, a clear majority felt that the EU was doing more harm than good and that Britain should renegotiate its relationship with Europe to something more like a free- trade deal.
It is one example of the people' s agenda.
The European Central Bank is totally independent, and that is how we perceive it.
I hope this will help to clarify the concerns which I have registered over the last days.
I would like to thank you, because you have given your broad support to cohesion policy and to the realisation that it allows us to help our regions and the people in the regions.
Direct foreign investment is essential for Serbian development and that is exactly what is lacking at the moment.
Families need recognition, encouragement, freedom of action and protection from social tyranny just the same as individuals do.
Although our proposal looks quite technical, it is considerably more secure from a legal point of view than the wording in the report.
I believe, as Vice-President of the Commission, that how we respond will define this Commission for years to come.
However, this report also contained provisions totally unrelated to farming, which would have had a disastrous impact on the UK.
The Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance would like this twenty-first century agreement to become a beacon for a new kind of trade based on fair trade, respect for the environment and human rights.
The agreement includes a gradual phasing-in of traffic rights and investment opportunities, as well as far-reaching cooperation on a number of issues including safety, security, social matters, consumer interests, the environment, air traffic management, state aid and competition.
Finally, the definition of working time is far too detailed.
In a way, I appreciate the efforts that this is costing them.
The first was a new joint programme to support joint research with Member States in the area of ambient-assisted living: those are the technologies for home applications and for mobility, assisting older users in their daily lives and providing social care applications.
It is because of all these questions, it is because of all this distress, that we absolutely must, today, respond with the greatest possible precision and, while awaiting responses, we absolutely must make it our duty to suspend any authorization for this transgenic maize on European territory.
We should call for urgent studies into the effect of microclimates and the effect of vegetation adjacent to water reserves.
Our rapporteur, Mrs Schierhuber, proposes referral to committee.
Mr President, I naturally wish Mr Fischler a speedy recovery and I would ask the officials present to give him a detailed account of our concerns.
In this context, if we are to properly accomplish the Millennium Goals, appropriate transparency mechanisms must be brought in to ensure that development aid actually reaches the people on the ground it is designed to help.
The achievements of the Community must be preserved and the legislation of the new nations, the new democracies which are knocking on our door, must be able to take on these Community achievements.
The most important priority for the Union is that the Doha Round is concluded and that the EU's agricultural policy is quite simply scrapped.
I say this because there are two examples we could look at when we discuss this item.
What is happening in southern Spain is much more serious than Dover, Mr Danielsson, and I believe it requires some interference, if I may use this expression.
It would be premature to take a decision on the matter at this time, in view of the fact that both countries are still a remarkably long way from meeting the accession criteria, as well as of the collapse of the trilogue on adjustments to the Financial Perspective.
Unfortunately, they too have been infected with the European disease of impotence and paralysis.
I should like to examine one point that seems to me to be very important in connection with this directive.
Mr Sterckx has just spoken again of strategic partnership, and rightly so.
Mr President, I thank the rapporteur for his clarification, which I had also indicated in my speech.
I am convinced, on the contrary, that a 20 % reduction in the intervention price - I shall be proposing 15 % - is not an irrational display of pessimism on the part of DG VI officials.
However, it still falls short of what is needed to tackle the causes of the problem of illegal or unsustainable logging.
This is why the observations and recommendations made by the report on sector policies in this area are welcome, as are those concerning the scope and destination of State aid.
The Community has certainly taken its time in getting round to harmonising the legal framework for copyright.
In response to a number of questions I have tabled over the last seven years regarding the environmental compatibility and economic usefulness of this project, the Commission has systematically postponed giving a definite answer, stating that its assessment would depend on the findings of successive studies, ongoing negotiations with the Greek Government and even the final form of the project which is sometimes presented as an irrigation project, sometimes as an energy project and sometimes as a water supply project.
Legislation is one of the most important and effective political tools and there is no need to continually propose new legislation.
I therefore consider it desirable for the Commission to adopt a very clear position so that it may issue directives in respect of the Member States with reference to budget and spending limits imposed by the parameters of the Stability and Growth Pact on local authorities, which, particularly in the case of large authorities, need substantial infrastructure investment.
Papua New Guinea is thus becoming a major platform for the processing and export of tuna from the European industry's major competitors: the Philippines, Thailand, China and the United States.
Mr President, I am the shadow rapporteur for the PSE Group.
If we are to criticise US measures against fair competition and protectionism, we should focus all the more closely on joint strategy within the EU. Scrappage schemes help to reduce emissions, increase road safety and prevent unemployment in the car industry, which provides a living to 12 million employees and thousands of firms in other sectors.
It is important to further strengthen the responsibilities of Member States, who manage over 80% of the European budget, particularly in areas under shared management.
If we take gender equality seriously, how can we possibly entertain the notion that a country with such an attitude to the fair sex could be part of a civilised Europe.
   Mr President, I voted against the Oostlander report even though it includes many good ideas.
The third point concerns the flexibility measures for the application of the inspection system.
I am therefore pleased that we have today adopted a cross-party motion for a resolution on the crisis in the dairy farming sector.
This makes it perfectly clear that a new directive is needed in this field.
If we do not want a chamber at EU level consisting of national Members of Parliament, then we also need to strive to define what tasks are European tasks.
Cooperation with other Commissioners is needed.
Or there is Alistair Burt, UK Foreign Office Minister, saying he wanted stability in Egypt more than anything.
The issue of the European Union's energy security is a regularly recurring topic, which is becoming increasingly relevant, clearly indicating that there are deep-seated, unresolved problems.
Madam President, I strongly support passenger rights and, in particular, increased rights for disabled people.
It contains an incentive and a warning: the incentive of accession on 1 January 2007 in accordance with the timetable and the warning that this objective will be achieved if both countries intensify their efforts in accordance with the final report which will be presented by the Commission.
Promoting European culture collaboratively does not mean less national identity for all our countries and Member States in the European Union.
How can we expect third country nationals to integrate and their children to respect the law and to believe in the reality of democratic rights when they are not allowed to exercise these rights?
In addition, as far as the facility to grant exemptions for non-inert waste is concerned, this does not concern the main environmental demands, which continue to apply.
Parliament's policy objectives concern, as I mentioned before, the Lisbon Strategy, sustainable climate and energy policy, the swift implementation of structural and cohesion policy, firm immigration control, a proper information and communication policy, and a jointly agreed foreign and security policy.
I agree with the rapporteur, Mr Alvaro, that we must remain alert so as to avoid any possible violation of basic rights, especially the right to privacy, according to which information of a personal nature entered into the system must be limited to what is strictly necessary, without contravening personal privacy.
I wish the next Presidency luck in reaching an acceptable and balanced agreement – indeed, someone has already mentioned balanced agreements – taking into account Mr Böge’s report which was adopted by a very large majority of your Parliament.
Further to the resolution, I should like to say that it is, of course, a good thing to free up more funds to fight poverty, but as someone said a moment ago, the solution to effective poverty reduction is not merely financial.
Whenever social tension erupts in Europe - or elsewhere in the world - it is now customary to accuse the peoples of the EU of selfishness, and their great sacrifices, their tremendous commitment to their work, are never recognized.
I very much welcome the Spanish Government's objective of promoting more police cooperation across the borders of the Union.
Secondly: the means of ensuring effective procedures by which illegal migrants can be paid outstanding wages where we have pursued the principle of non-discrimination, and we looked for a way to provide available help to illegal migrants and to provide tools for them to receive wages even after their return to their home country.
In this context I should like to point out the country's constant and determined search for peaceful relations with its neighbouring countries.
The European Union has worked diligently as a whole to abolish this inhumane practice and our continued efforts will pay great dividends.
At the same time, they desire peace.
All the participants stressed that Kazakhstan's absolute priority is to strengthen relations with Russia.
We should not remain indifferent to that.
Last week, at the European Parliament in Brussels, we held a very special commemoration, which we arranged jointly with the European Jewish Congress, in order to remember the 70th anniversary of the Night of Broken Glass.
And so, my thanks to all.
It goes to the heart of the reasons for founding the European Union and I would urge the Commission and the Council urgently to discuss the matter to see what can be done to help.
I should like to inform the House that I have addressed a telegram to the Jordanian royal family and to the President of the Jordanian Parliament, expressing the European Parliament's condolences on the death of King Hussein.
One of the options being considered is the partial privatization of the eco-label by commissioning a European eco-labelling organization to draw up criteria in cooperation with the relevant authorities and other parties concerned.
Mr Salafranca, you and those who are of the same opinion as yourself could also make the Conference of Presidents aware of your views.
As has been said, this is all wonderful.
Prevention and safety are very important in terms of maintaining all the European forests, above all in view of the characteristics of the southern forests.
In the Netherlands too, we have the phenomenon of a minority language, Friesian, which enjoys official recognition as such.
We have to be aware of the fact that, according to surveys, more Russians want order than democracy.
Fourth, it is important that this directive should be applied internationally, and I am thinking here of the fact that European shipping extends worldwide.
It will run training programmes aimed at those responsible for this sector within each country, contributing to greater harmonisation between the various practices.
The sitting was suspended at 7.02 p.m. and resumed at 8 p.m.
However, we regret the lack of proper coordination within this Parliament with the broad economic policy guidelines and hope that we can rectify that in the future.
The new fisheries agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Seychelles will be valid for a period of three years and will facilitate the creation of jobs, sustainable exploitation of maritime resources and responsible fishing, based on the principle of non-discrimination between the different fleets fishing in the zone.
That brings me to the origins of the crisis we are going through.
I miss you desperately!
Their implementation and control are of special significance, particularly for some new Member States like Bulgaria, where higher export levels determine the existence of trade deficit.
My support for the conclusion of the agreement is based on my conviction that it will bring the EU closer to Jordan, which has significant capabilities in the field of science and technology. Jordan has a large network of universities and research centres.
Why?
Lastly, ladies and gentlemen, Europe has sadly lost credibility.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the only thing that I can tell you at this stage is that I will report back to Commissioner Orban and make sure that you will have an adequate answer on this point.
A recent study undertaken by the Commission, the United Nations and the World Bank found a clear correlation between sexually-transmitted diseases and the transmission of the HIV virus.
The UN ECE ceilings were agreed by all our Member States, by the applicant countries and globally, in a protocol signed at Gothenburg as recently as November 1999.
It may be that Israel will become even more isolated and come under greater pressure from some of its Arab neighbours.
No: this is a global epidemic where we are inter-dependent, and what we do to help the people in the developing countries to eradicate and stop these diseases is also going to have an enormous impact on how we and our children are going to live in Europe.
Genetic information can only be discovered, it cannot be invented.
We must therefore establish the funding requirements in this area, with the aim of increasing the European Union's competitiveness globally.
Respect for democracy is an inalienable principle of the EU.
Madam President, over one million Europeans have lobbied in favour of banning the import of cat and dog fur into the EU.
Of these, the latter two are rejected because they are not in keeping with the wording of Article 129.
We cannot accept the extension of time limits and we cannot accept - we do not like it at all - the number of exceptions which, despite the goodwill of the Commission, appear in the proposal.
It was said that the Union does not have a common policy because the Member States have very different attitudes to the parties in the conflict and the ways of resolving these problems.
In this connection, Parliament will not bow to any other institution's interpretation of procedural matters. Such matters must be considered - as the Commission's report rightly points out - on the basis that the act adopted will be adopted in accordance with the Treaty of Amsterdam, and that this is the procedure that must be followed.
Regarding the Commission, Commissioner Almunia, with my full support and the support of the College, performed his job in an exceptionally competent way.
To supplement their own findings, these committees engaged in consultation with external experts on the matter on 6 December 1996, during which they concentrated in particular on the possibility of the gene being transferred to humans and animals, and the effects on health which such a transfer might have for humans and animals.
   . It is true that unsolicited commercial e-mail, or 'spam', has reached worrying proportions: over 50% of e-mail traffic, according to many experts, is now 'spam'.
For me as Commissioner, this compromise is a commitment for the future, a commitment to work for a mobility compatible with the demands of sustainable development.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (SL) I would of course like to add something to what I have been following closely and what you have been saying in your remarks.
I am pleased that Romania has again refrained from implementing these plans.
They did not revise the text to allow for the fact that there would be a move to a different stage, that the Monetary Institute is not the Central Bank and that the Central Bank, once installed, would apply a single monetary policy.
This sets standards for each presidency to come.
Our committee was dissatisfied with the answers given, and we know how difficult dialogue is.
This principle works, and that is partly because unified European labelling laws guarantee and cover both consumer protection and the need of the consumer for information.
I believe that a defence policy for our Union is a glittering prize which should not be lost in the smoke and dust of Baghdad.
Another worrying development is that any criticism of Islam meets with legal and other actions.
This is crucial, since we cannot afford negative stereotyping of Islamic beliefs in the current sensitive climate.
It strikes me as being absolutely logical that the introduction of directives is not at the expense of everything else.
In its recent Communication on industrial policy, the Commission acknowledges that the vitality and dynamism of the industry are crucial to Europe's ability to maintain and increase its prosperity and at the same time achieve its social ambitions.
It is unacceptable for lives to be destroyed and regions ruined in order to pay higher dividends to shareholders.
I might say that, in many respects, the budget's content does not reflect the ideals which we in the European Union share.
I am wondering how this is done.
We have to recognise that those monsters exist and I am not sure that we do in this particular resolution.
Implementation of human rights and democratization policy at the geographical level, to which I have referred, is the responsibility of the Commissioners in charge of political, economic and trade ties with the various non-member countries.
Governments have a huge responsibility for the transition that has to be made.
In our view, however, it does not go far enough in some points to provide the basis for really decisive improvements.
This would mean the decentralisation of decision making and would require intergovernmental cooperation to be strengthened.
By way of example, this tool was used over fifty times last year.
To fulfil this role, it must maintain a high level of solvency and a financial position strong enough to enable it to access funding in capital markets on favourable terms.
Furthermore, we fear that behind this unjustified vicious attack lies an attempt to use such incidents to undermine and sabotage not just Commission actions but the work of the European institutions in general.
Mr El Khadraoui, the Commission is endeavouring to keep the European Parliament regularly informed of developments, and in a few days' time you will have a hearing of experts, for which Mr Costa has kindly taken the initiative.
Precisely because we want to comply with the standard, we have to be very careful when it comes to weighing up our ability to do so, if Parliament approves a regulation that makes the conditions and the time-scales tougher.
We know about the challenges ahead of us.
From head to foot I had 14 tubes dangling out from me, and spent weeks in intensive care; however, I am now here, I am a Member of the European Parliament, I am raising my three children and I am able to live a full life.
Mr President, since I had no other opportunity, I must use the explanation of vote to express my opinion.
It must be more than paying lip service to consultation.
Every inhabitant of Brandenburg, my home, is in debt to the tune of EUR 16 000, but our national economy is structured in such a way that we can cope with it.
Faced with the reality of today, we can no longer confine ourselves to generous statements or expressions of sympathy.
I believe that this is a basis for a successful Europe!
On the subject of foreign policy, we support the priorities that Mr van Mierlo described, though I agree with him that there are many more than he had time to mention.
Mr Fischer is forging ahead too quickly.
In the end, we were able to make a certain degree of progress, since we provided for qualified majority voting in the cases of administrative cooperation and the fight against tax fraud and tax evasion.
So, in fact, there was no contradiction.
These guidelines are also going to be accompanied by national plans, which will be designed in what are known as the reform plans.
Since you are an acquaintance of mine, and next year includes the French Presidency, please be indulgent with us.
As I mentioned earlier, the next stage will come within a few days when the Commission presents to the Council draft common positions acceptable to the Member States and negotiable with the candidate countries. I have to say that the Commission is doing an excellent job.
The Turkish population fears, with good reason, that this will spark another spiral of violence.
We have to spell out very clearly what it is and, to put it at its simplest, it is there to strengthen the Union's policies and the effectiveness of its institutions.
I would remind you of yellow lupin and other species that have traditionally been used for animal feed, particularly in the Mediterranean countries, and which have not benefited from Community support.
We are convinced that a policy of engagement rather than isolation is the best way to have our concerns heard and expectations met.
A certain improvement was visible in 1997, but the general situation is anything but satisfactory.
Much of the existing road network was created decades ago.
You have discussed the new legal instrument in depth, and you have made many amendments which will help to clarify the text and give it a better structure, notably regarding definition, scope and status, and by introducing references to the European Strategy Forum on Research Infrastructures (ESFRI).
In particular, it will not change the fact that this policy is based on national competence, which the Member States retain in the domain of national security and defence.
Mr President, women represent half of Europe's talent.
I endorse most of the measures proposed, for example informing consumers from childhood; restrictions on television advertising; nutrition and health claims on food labelling; and greater consistency between the common agricultural policy and health policies.
Then we will be in the same situation as with the tobacco companies where millions could be paid out to people whose health has been put in danger.
Mr President, the breakdown of negotiations between the European Union and Senegal in the fourth round has arisen, in my opinion, as much from the content of the discussions as from their context.
I hope it will not take other tragedies of this kind for our States to realise how important it is to make progress in these areas.
You said that respecting the Rules of Procedure meant referral to the committee responsible.
The Treaty lays down an absolute right to transparency, which must be enshrined in a legislative act and in internal provisions made by each of the institutions.
Our report contains all the most important and correct diagnoses as well as all the demands which have to be fulfilled if sufficient numbers of young people are to continue to see their future in farming.
For the Japanese, there would be gains in the automotive and ICT sectors.
As with the previous report, it is a pity that this Parliament does not have adequate powers.
If this inequality was the fundamental cause of this phenomenon, countries in northern Europe, which are renowned for their very progressive culture and customs, ought to have the best results.
I should like to welcome President Giscard d'Estaing, President Romano Prodi, Deputy Prime Minister Fini and Foreign Minister Frattini who will take part today in this reflection on the work of the Convention.
We hope that this pilot programme will form the core of a future European rapid response force to fight forest fires and other natural or man-made disasters.
Mercenary troops should be prohibited worldwide and their European headquarters should be prosecuted.
Where I come from, this is known as cheating.
To quote from the text: 'For hake, the decline in stocks has been less dramatic and therefore the scientific evidence is less clear cut and indeed the subject of some dispute'.
There is no doubt that the euro is a very successful project.
We all are, as Hungary has also been from the start, supporters of the single market.
Safety had absolute priority, and rightly so.
The debate is closed.
We will, I believe, achieve a real breakthrough only when this House acquires the right of codecision in agricultural matters as well.
According to the Commission Staff Working Document, the necessary legislative, financial and coordinating instruments are in place and are being used, but not yet to a sufficient extent.
Were it not for them, Iran would have acquired the A-bomb by now.
That is precisely where we stand at the moment.
First and foremost, it is about choice, better value and better service to consumers of energy, both domestic and commercial.
As you are aware, the Nice European Council laid down the social policy agenda.
Currently, many challenges are before us, which we must face up to together, shoulder to shoulder with Washington.
But whatever happens, the human rights abuses must stop.
Such a programme must allow the exchange of best practices, create a joint strategy and reduce the costs of resettlement operations.
Small arms and light weapons in fact help to exacerbate terrorism and organised crime and are a major factor in the unleashing and spread of conflict and the collapse of state structures.
It should be emphasized that the proposed Directive is an extremely important legislative act that deserves full support.
As part of these comprehensive, rightful and appropriate efforts, the proposal by the rapporteur that EUR 100 million be allocated in 2005 for reconstruction and recovery should be supported.
It is also right to begin to open EU markets, including our agricultural markets, to poorer countries that wish to trade with us, in ways that benefit them more directly and prevent future migratory pressures by the long-term stabilisation of their own economies.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mrs McNally sincerely for her excellent work, as this issue is a very important one.
The successful implementation of national reforms aimed at removing rigidities and inefficiencies in euro area countries would improve the smooth functioning of EMU and facilitate the conduct of the ECB's single monetary policy.
The principle of having a takeover directive has been supported at first and second readings and now, after 12 years, we have a final agreed text.
That is why I support the Budgets Committee's proposal not to withdraw the appropriations from this line, but to consider whether they can be taken from Category 1 or from the European Development Fund, where we have surpluses every year.
He regretted that President Bush had met 16 different Council presidents during his eight years and praised the Lisbon Treaty for establishing a joint president.
Thank you, and I propose that the report be adopted.
   I suggest that we accept Mr Hernández Mollar's oral amendment.
We now have a series of measures in place: monitoring by the Council, on the one hand, and guidance from the European Council, on the other.
The first thing to ask is what the added value is to our normal neighbourhood policy.
People should know more about Russia's rich cultural heritage with its many vital minority groups, which are worthy of our support.
I hope that with today's vote, the European Parliament contributed at least a little to the conservation of fish stocks and a healthy marine environment, and also to reform of the common fisheries policy.
With this package and the investment protection included in it, we have created meaningful incentives, but at the same time have ensured, through the requirements of this regulation, that it is not new markets that are cemented.
on behalf of the UEN Group. - (IT) Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, the Berlin summit was a time of great excitement, particularly for those who, like myself, have held a seat in this Parliament since 1989, the year that signalled the new birth of Europe.
The Commission proposal, however, raises more questions than it can answer.
Without that, this success would not have been possible, despite the significant work performed by the shadow rapporteurs.
The indication I am getting is that Members would prefer to have a shorter time to speak in the presence of the President.
The European Union we want is not a free-trade area but a politically effective unit.
A report about the struggle against Shell was found on the back seat.
That is the process.
We must make it possible for developing countries to bypass the fossil fuel-dependent economies route taken by the developed countries and to create low-carbon growth for the future instead.
What has really confused matters is the amendment tabled by members of the PPE Group, in which the possibility of Members of Parliament receiving gifts is recognized.
The continually criticised penalties and sanctions at the end of a long process therefore make sense, as the financial markets no longer have their previous powers.
President Pastrana has dedicated his mandate almost entirely to these efforts, with a series of very generous concessions to the guerrilla organisations: he has opened negotiations, both with FARC and the ELN and yet has achieved little.
What I am wondering, therefore, is why we said no to Cyprus and Malta and are now preparing to say yes to Turkey.
To everyone's complete surprise, the Cypriot Government led by President Papadopoulos has said that it fundamentally rejects the United Nations peace plan and is urging the Greek Cypriot community to vote against it.
I am fully behind what the President of the Commission has just said: I understand the enormous difficulties which you have to deal with but I also note a strong political will in that the head of the Dutch Presidency is determined not to allow the European Union to collapse but is set on seizing the challenge - historic challenge - of enlargement to 20 or even perhaps 25 members.
Technology cooperation with Israel may provide a stimulus to industry and the small business sector and may open up new markets in the emerging information society and multimedia.
We must not put a premium on the unlawful enlargement of these settlements.
We also endorse the call for the revenue from petroleum sales to be invested for the good of Iraq, but we cannot ignore the laws laid down by the United States, which have handed over Iraq's energy resources to large US multinationals, allowing them to export all the proceeds and make huge profits.
   . The Commission announced the creation of the European Institute on Gender Equality even before Parliament had delivered its report on the subject.
We believe Russia is a remarkable nation that has produced outstanding figures in culture, science and music.
As far as the EIB recommendation with regard to Mochovce is concerned, I would like to remind you that the Commission did not take a decision, as the Slovak authorities decided to withdraw their loan application to the EBRD and Euratom before a definite decision was taken.
I have to be perfectly honest and say that what I find lacking where major decisions such as Kyoto are concerned is any debate on the substance.
This may be Europe' s opportunity to make progress and to play a more prominent political role in this matter, to gain recognition for its voice and its know-how, since we are keen to do more than just bankroll the region.
By adopting Community-level rules, as has been done since the late 1980s, we ensure that certain basic standards are set and respected for all European citizens.
The new regulation introduces a mandatory scheme for reducing CO2 emissions, including a system of penalties for those who fail to meet this target, along with incentives for creating innovative technologies.
In moral terms, Austrians have no greater entitlement.
Of course, we can add other speakers to the list, but it will be impossible for them to speak during this item.
   Mr President, I think we see the ACP relationship as maturing well, which may sound like the description of a long-term mistress, but it is true that we know each other, we understand each other, sometimes we excite each other, sometimes we see each other’s blemishes, but we grow to value each other’s qualities.
For the purpose of introducing the new standards required by the Financial Regulation from 2005 the Commission's chief accountant will be working out the specific details of how these international standards are to be implemented for the various measures financed out of the European Union's budget.
The scheme approved in Berlin will also have a severe negative impact on the social fabric of the countryside.
This, then, is my request and my urgent appeal to the Council: please do your utmost to ensure that we do not have the same situation as in previous years, when the Member States dragged their feet.
But, naturally, I do not think that those people who demonstrate peacefully are the ones who need fora for dialogue, because the fora already exist.
For me this is a reason for putting supplementary questions to the European Commission shortly.
They have not informed people of their rights; they have not been telling them what they are entitled to do and which options are open to patients.
We believe that the European Union's continued policy with regard to eastern neighbours has to be expressed not only in the condemnation of this regime, with general declarations, which do not have more concrete consequences, but also in concrete support for those democratic opposition forces, which are spreading the ideas of democracy and pluralism by non-violent means, so that the Belorussian nation might live in a country which recognises human rights and freedom.
This leak killed over 7 000 people during the night of 2 to 3 December 1984.
The truth is, we know that the Commission has a long way to go in getting its act together.
Electronic communications play an increasingly important role in everyday life of European citizens.
I believe they will then be able to play a big part.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, last Friday the Commission received the text of the second report of the Committee of Independent Experts, which analyses the administrative management of the Commission and puts forward proposals regarding its reform.
If this Europe, the Europe which we have been building for the last 40 years, cannot make more progress in justice and police cooperation how can we expect countries which, for 40 years, have been suffering from dictatorship, lack of protection of human rights and lack of institution-building to really come in with us and make the progress which we jointly want?
One way for the monopolies and mergers authorities to deal with anticompetitive behaviour at an international level is to apply extraterritorial jurisdiction.
Why was nothing said about the opposition to banking secrecy by certain Member States?
I explained why I thought this and put forward further arguments in favour, but I also said that the Commission has taken due account of the resolution adopted by Parliament in September on the human rights situation in Turkey, and of the recommendations which have been made concerning how money should be allocated from the MEDA fund.
It is a matter, as Prodi said himself yesterday, of creating one soul and one heart: the European heart and soul.
La Russa report
Mr President, I am very pleased to be here today for more than one reason because, looking around the room, perhaps I am one of the few people who was actually here when we first wrote the packaging directive.
So the ambiguity on this point will be removed if Parliament adopts Amendments Nos 6, 7 and 9, which I believe met with widespread agreement in the Committee on the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials and Immunities.
It would probably prefer a toothless European delegation on its own territory as a means of legitimising itself in the eyes of the international community.
The Commissioner mentioned - I believe that she travelled to Tunisia to speak on this issue - mobility partnerships.
That is the intent of Amendment No 99, which clarifies paragraph 3 of Rule 146.
The US public sector spends USD 50 billion per year on research and development procurement, which is twenty times higher than in the EU, and therefore Member States must honour their commitment to invest 3% of GDP in research and development.
Unfortunately, they were very reluctant to do so.
Mr President, I note with satisfaction that enlargement is now being given top priority.
We are in a global context here and e-commerce will continually throw at us clashes of legal systems and style.
First of all, in budget line B 2-901, on the financial participation by the Community in control and surveillance activities in the waters of Member States, to be returned to the quantity provided for in the preliminary draft budget approved by the Commission: 39.5 MECU instead the 33 MECU now earmarked.
That is why a whole host of regulations exist, such as OECD and WTO agreements, which fix the deadlines for repayment and a minimum premium rate.
These International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Safety Fundamentals and the obligations of the Convention of Nuclear Safety constitute the core of the directive.
Aid organisations believe that more refugees are dying since Frontex was established as they now have to travel further.
The European Council that will meet this week will discuss all aspects of future enlargements, including the Union's capacity to accept new members and ways to improve further the quality of the enlargement process on the basis of the experience gained thus far.
The policy itself is not necessarily expensive in terms of the European Union as a whole but the Commission appears to want to expand this area.
We need to help these states to help themselves.
There has been a slight decrease this year, which was to be expected with the advent of the European Ombudsman.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
Two former prime ministers are in jail.
But I would like to sincerely thank our colleagues from the DGs for their flexibility.
No-one should underestimate the significance of this initiative, at a time when despite the terrible violence on both sides, a rare opportunity for moving forward has now finally presented itself.
I tried to ensure that Europe' s linguistic diversity was represented in the range of projects that were selected, and I am very pleased to see that things are getting off the ground and that, perhaps due to the European Year of Languages or perhaps because the time is right, we are adopting a more flexible approach to the language issue.
(Loud applause)
As you will appreciate when I explain the Commission's position on this report, the majority of the amendments are acceptable to us fully or in principle.
It is the first year of the South Africa Trade Agreement.
Opening of the sitting
So what is this all about?
For this to be possible, a package of implementing provisions under Article 64 of the Europe Agreement will have to come into force.
I have to say that having been a Member of the European Parliament myself for ten years, it is little short of a miracle to hear you say that I have time to speak!
A communication from the Commission on the future development policy is expected at the end of June.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, firstly I would like to thank those who have worked on this report and, in particular, Mr Bendtsen.
Dublin II cannot continue in its current form.
I also believe that we should recognise the contribution of the voluntary and community sector in this.
In particular, the problem of interference and the question of cost offsetting for cultural facilities and local authorities in connection with technical retrofitting, with regard to radio microphones for example, have not yet been satisfactorily resolved.
Only in Germany have training courses that were required as part of the general Equality Act cost over EUR 1.7 billion a year.
Why should France expect the other Member States to fulfil their side of the bargain and let France take over their markets and companies, when it procrastinates repeatedly or refuses to pay its dues to the club?
I regret that this Question Time, as a result of where it falls on our agenda, always, or almost always, begins late.
As far as the specific nuclear issue is concerned the Council will obviously be following closely the developments and will in any case return to the matter in June.
But I also expect their help in coming up with a decision-making process with Qualified Majority Voting (QMV), because otherwise we are stuck.
In any event, we would stress that the principal damaging effects were those caused to the smooth and effective functioning of the internal market. This was especially due to the fact that the fluctuations of European currencies were accompanied by fluctuations of the dollar and yen, underlining Europe's need for a single currency - the euro - capable of functioning autonomously as a reserve currency at international level and offsetting the fluctuations of these and other currencies.
We have a kind of stalemate in the Council, where everyone is waiting for the opinion of Parliament, and I am convinced that adoption of my report will persuade the Czech Republic, which currently holds the presidency, to renew discussion and find a rational compromise in the Council.
The fall of the Berlin Wall and of the Iron Curtain in Europe has not only freed the East Germans and almost all the people of Eastern and Central Europe. It has also made the freedom of the whole of Europe complete.
Does this not run contrary to what he has said in Amendment No 6?
I hope that the new Parliament will take up these proposals.
That is why we are asking for short minutes to be published showing the arguments for and against a particular decision.
SOLVIT is working well, but it could work better.
The gas crisis which we have just survived has clearly demonstrated once again how important a secure, reliable and cheap energy supply is for the EU.
(Laughter and applause)
As you know, this proposal will enable Community legislation to incorporate a decision on this matter taken under the Basle Convention, and followed by the adoption of an amendment to the Convention on the same lines.
Moreover, it is very much to the credit of this European Parliament always to have been in the vanguard of this fight.
If there are detainees who fall into neither of these two categories, then they should be freed and sent home.
That country was Ukraine.
Each country has its own set of rules regarding speed, safety and travelling comfort.
As far as I am concerned, I am not an obvious admirer of the carbon market, but if we stay at 20%, we can be sure that we shall be treating the carbon market as a species in danger of extinction and not as a lever in the fight against climate change.
We also need a much more stringent merger policy against these oligopolies which are coming onto the market.
To give one very concrete example, there could be a decision of the European Commission against an industry in the area of competition law which could be potentially challenged directly before the Court in Strasbourg, which is something that is difficult to do today.
It is only fair to point out that given the time we had to do this, the committee and the Parliament have worked as effectively and as quickly as we possibly can in what proved to be difficult circumstances so that the money could be released next year for this very important fund.
I look forward on a future occasion to going to Marseilles without the accompaniment of the French riot police and the Front national !
On 26 January 1997, the Council approved joint action to criminalize certain types of conduct and to improve judicial cooperation in this field.
As the country holding the Presidency and as an individual state, Finland is not in favour of the liberalisation of the drugs policy or, for example, of some drugs becoming legalised.
Now, Mr Obama is the new President of the United States and he values Europe - he says that we are important allies.
Last year, I had the pleasure of seeing the Shen Yun Show in London.
I am clearly talking about the Commission as a whole, working as a college, as a cohesive political body pushing European integration forward.
Recent events in Turkestan are also further proof of the Chinese authorities' contempt for freedom of religion.
Of course, the draft adopted by consensus represents common ground between different positions: some of our representatives' proposals met with substantial resistance, echoes of which were heard in this Chamber just now.
I think it would be a good thing if we had a free vote across this House on issues of this kind.
This agreement was adopted in 1990 and is entitled the Paris Charter for a New Europe.
   Mr President, Eritrea has not had a fortunate history but I do not recall anything in its recent past which has been as atrocious as the situation is now.
I supported these two mechanisms during the vote because I am convinced that we must be demanding and ambitious in order to improve budgetary stability in Europe and thus to safeguard our future.
Private vehicles will possibly be next.
On the other hand, the report links the phenomenon of immigration to security issues, thereby creating confusion and equating immigrants with various criminal or 'terrorist' activities and strengthening the practices and ideologies that criminalise them.
Given that the European Union is currently concluding the negotiation of an agreement with Mexico, I would be grateful if this Parliament would express its solidarity and sympathy for the victims of this earthquake.
Of course I share with you the concerns we have just mentioned because it is an area with big problems.
What are the main obstacles to the creation of an EMF? For example, is it feasible to create it on the basis of the provisions of the current treaty?
Today, as the European Council instructed us to do at its meeting in Madrid in December 1995, the Commission is presenting a coherent project to deal with a set of complex questions and, above all, interdependent ones - may I insist on the latter point.
We would be curious to know what, and under what conditions, since they will add to the flexibility of the agricultural aid that you recommend and encourage.
Agreeing to the integration of the two directives would amount to allowing hazardous waste to be burnt in plants intended for household waste, and vice versa.
Parliament's snail-like pace is in stark contrast to the rapid and irreversible progress of the information society.
The public sector is doubly important.
What you are in fact doing is giving us a little and throwing some ballast overboard.
This information mechanism should assist the social dialogue between employers and employees and it could support public authorities by providing information data and analysis of existing information on industrial change.
It is therefore the opinion of Mr Pöttering only that shall prevail.
I urge the Commission and Member States to increase the budgets allocated to residential energy efficiency and, when carrying out the mid-term review of the use of the Structural Funds, to adopt the measures required to ensure a better absorption of the 4% ERDF rate for residential energy efficiency.
I have received one motion for a resolutiontabled in accordance with Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.
Lastly, Mr President, I would once again like to congratulate Mr Novo Belenguer on his work and to thank all the Members of Parliament who have steadfastly maintained that tourism is and will remain a major and dynamic industry, which must be actively supported by the Community, I would say even more so than at present.
It would be a great mistake to see this as a question of right- or left-wing politics.
It is important for the measures to take account of these territorial disparities.
Perhaps, Commissioner Kinnock, if you keep this portfolio and we exercise our powers of codecision, we can make an effort to move this a little closer to the centre of the political stage and have it acknowledged as rather more important.
To achieve this, governments must supply relevant information on how to start a business, as well as improve women's ability to use modern information technologies, thus building their self-confidence.
We are omnivores, after all.
We paid attention to the detail around us, but were flexible with regard to society’s perception of what we were doing.
To satisfy some 370 million Europeans it is time to seriously consider nominating candidates for the presidency of the European Commission in the elections next June to allow them enough time to present a genuine political programme. It would also enable the person nominated to be accompanied by Commissioners who have been selected from among the elected representatives of the European Parliament.
. (SV) Naturally, I agree without reservation with the total condemnation of terrorism which constitutes the stated motive for this regulation.
That does not mean closing the door on Turkey; we just want the rules to be obeyed, because they must always be the same for everyone.
Because of this I am glad that the report is not actually controversial and that Parliament is once again proving to be the driving force in the debate about traffic safety on Europe's roads.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it is now up to you to vote.
Indeed, Europe has contributed a very large amount.
There must be a total absence of these organisms, just as there must be a total absence of pesticides and synthetic chemicals.
However, we cannot sacrifice human rights and our criticism of the situation regarding human rights in China for the sake of a strategic interest.
I have no doubt about that especially since Mr Papoutsis, the Commissioner responsible for tourism policy, has highlighted its importance, with energy and firmness, within the Commission.
I want all the elderly people who need to, to be able to find a public or private home where they can receive assistance, in a situation of free competition.
Mr Sjöstedt stated that we are referring to a general improvement.
Technical regulations are laid down as part of the standardisation process, and the same is true here.
The favourable investment climate for foreign companies created by the Dutch government in the 1990s gives swindlers and tax evaders elbow-room.
The EGF, created in 2006, aims to support workers who lose their jobs due to structural changes in world trade patterns as a result of globalisation.
For the first time, growers will be able to trigger the restructuring process, but only up to a limit of 10% of the quota belonging to an undertaking.
Question No 2 by (H-0519/00):
She made reference to research carried out by Member States and professional organisations.
That can only mean that military action has a legitimate part to play.
Global agreement would be the best way to introduce such a tax, but the UK's stamp duty on shares demonstrates it is possible to introduce a successful, well-designed financial transaction tax (FTT) without undermining competitiveness.
Another reason why we have to give attention to this issue is the fact that we will see much more traffic on the roads in the coming years as a result of the eastward and southward enlargement of Europe.
That is to say, it is a small step but certainly does not mean that we and the Commission can stop there.
It is about the way in which the EU is to legislate.
This way, it seems as though we are always starting from square one.
Similarly, the issue of financial solidarity and an equal division of the burden in the immigration sector has essentially been lost, even though it was also a priority of your programme, in that no special funding means have been adopted, as proposed by the Commission.
The law must be put into practice in every country and the Commission has responsibility for monitoring the process, and making demands on Member States in that respect.
Thank you Mr President.
We looked into them and took them into consideration.
By contrast, no positive action was taken to promote peace, as the continuing quagmire in Yugoslavia illustrates.
On one point, we are firmly convinced that the Commission's proposal is in need of improvement: the Commission proposes that a substantial part of the budget line for feasibility studies should be spent on investigating whether the GSP is functioning properly.
In particular, Mrs Green told us that she had discovered certain radical qualities in Mr Hänsch, for which I personally can only congratulate her, but she also said something else that intrigued me.
Finally, with reference to the comment that has been made on the fact that very little use is made of the Cohesion Funds to benefit the island regions, I must remind the House that this is one of those instances in which the attitude of the Member States is of crucial importance, so that, as regards many aspects of the problem, we are in their hands in this respect.
Madam President, first of all I should like to congratulate Mr McGowan warmly on his excellent report.
In this respect, Europe needs to invest to create replacement employment, also in terms of sustainability in those regions.
However, I would be sorry to see Community-wide involvement disappear completely, and not just be reduced, if no agreement were reached. There is a great temptation for governments to say: 'Why do we not just carry on as we have been with a purely intergovernmental method?'
I believe that the discussion we are having today and the discussion we had concerning the Menrad report in our committee demonstrate the very opposite.
I sincerely believe that partial de-coupling will prove to be the worst of all worlds and provide no encouragement for the industry in the future, or do anything to streamline the industry or encourage young people to make a career in agriculture.
Hence the obvious need to adopt the appropriate policies, designed in particular to preserve the competitiveness of the EU maritime sector, which accounts for 2.5 million jobs, and to safeguard the prospects for cooperation with the applicant countries and the Union's Mediterranean neighbours, which also represent a major challenge for the immediate future.
The European Union possesses political, economic and diplomatic resources for this purpose.
Moreover, we cannot disregard the concerns which weaken the solution adopted in the area of production for export.
To answer Mr Fabre-Aubrespy, the compromise amendment is admissible under Rule 105(4) of the Rules of Procedure.
I believe the strategy for the Danube region would provide an excellent basis for resolving these issues.
Further questions, such as the reimbursement for olive oil used in tinned foods, the overall export refund, the collection of statistical data or the promotion of trade, are less urgent and should, therefore, be dealt with in the later proposal for the year 2000.
The Commission and the Council have themselves negotiated agreements with Russia, Norway and Iceland, whereby the Northern Dimension of the Union's external relations policy will be a policy common to these countries and the Union.
National innovation policies should be reinforced, developed, and take a more consistent approach across the EU.
You and I come from the same country, and we know that experiments led to a 30 per cent reduction in the quantity of material in consumer packaging over approximately three years.
But it is wholly and utterly away from the knowledge of other emerging superpowers who have not, to put it bluntly, a clue how to punch their way out of a paper bag in terms of nation-building.
This again is completely unacceptable.
In February 2010, the European Parliament refused to sign an EU/United States of America agreement on the transfer of financial data and requested the resumption of negotiations.
While EU law lays down the principle of equal treatment between women and men – and a directive has already been adopted to this end – this principle has always proved difficult to implement in practice.
In other respects, and given the difficulty of assessing the impact of this plan, which has so far failed to live up to its name, I would say that our overall impression is somewhat mixed.
Overall, the Socialist Group takes the view that an opt-out from a health and safety directive is a dangerous nonsense.
There is the rub, Mr President.
Ownership unbundling could be an extremely useful instrument for guaranteeing the creation of a unified gas market in the European Union and for the creation of real competition in the EU energy market and, in practice, could lead to a reduction, or at least a stabilisation, of energy prices.
If you simply key in 'jobs in Europe', you get a whole list of other portals, such as Eurojobs, Jobpilot, Topjobs, Careers in Europe, etc. They may be very worthy, but the key is to connect into EURES.
We – as the EU and the Council – shall do our utmost to ensure that the Human Rights Council is able to carry out its work successfully and effectively from the outset.
The agreement states that 60% of the money is to be used to support the local fishery sector and for controls and scientific estimates of fish stocks.
in writing. - (RO) I voted in favor of this report hoping that it will have a crucial impact on Serbia's decision to continue the democratic reform and its connection to the European standards, especially in the field of respect for the rights of minorities.
On the one hand it contains plenty of phrases such as 'knowledge-based society', 'competitiveness' and 'technological challenges' while on the other hand there is talk of the need to ensure 'employment security', 'stable employment' and such like.
Vukovar, Dubrovnik, Srebrenica and the War Crimes Tribunal will be our tombstones.
If they should experience a problem, then they should at least get back some of their hard earned money.
Health concerns associated with electromagnetic fields (short presentation)
Much, then, lies ahead of us.
But it is a matter for substantial concern that preamble D actually says that the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, in its 53rd session expressed its condemnation .
This action is a blatant defiance of WTO rules which explicitly prohibit the suspension of concessions while arbitration is still taking place.
   Mr President, Mr Schmit and Mr Almunia, may I thank those last two gentlemen for their contributions today concerning the World Bank.
Moreover, beyond the Greek crisis, I think that we can conclude that the last few weeks have been very illuminating.
For many years, Hong Kong was a refuge for large numbers of people fleeing repression and dictatorship.
But the European Union is not doing anything.
The role of the Union is to take the lead, to undertake initiatives, to suggest to NATO means of closer cooperation, to pass from words to deeds, and I take the example of the recent letter by the Polish, German and French Foreign Ministers, to which Lady Ashton did react, as a good starting point in the right direction.
In fact the Treaty of Lisbon, as I read it, is very strong on the social dimension and has no desire to mistreat or abuse workers throughout the European Union or elsewhere.
European programmes deal with these questions.
Amendment No 35 is covered by Amendment No 39 and is therefore superfluous.
There is no alternative to this cooperation.
Besides, I would like to tell you that we make no judgments and do not divide countries into old and new Member States.
It is easy to support the Lisbon objectives - who would not agree on these objectives - but what is difficult is to agree on the instruments.
Perhaps Moscow's position on the Security Council is primarily aimed at gaining advantages for Russia in exchange for Russian consent.
Rather, I believe that the Commission has done a good job and has put forward ambitious proposals.
All that is unacceptable in that it rides roughshod over the principle of subsidiarity and therefore the right of each Member State to decide on its own health policy, and especially because it trivialises recourse to abortion and shows no genuine respect for life and the rights of the unborn child.
I say this because if the common position is rejected, no one can be sure that the Commission will want to bother with it again or that the Council will want to re-examine it.
Another factor that should be borne in mind is that efforts were made to save lives in order to enable others to find political solutions.
Madam President, the rationale of this amendment is to raise awareness of recent cases of repression in Belarus.
Finally, considering that there is a clear need for a common foreign policy displaying Europe as a coherent system capable of undertaking united initiatives, does the Commission not feel that it would be appropriate to create a structure to study this issue, which would work together with the local Churches, NGOs and civil society and act upon the conclusions reached?
As a representative of the border region of Ireland I want to take this opportunity to thank the rapporteur, Parliament, the various groups and the Commission for the consideration and sympathy that they have always shown with the problems in Northern Ireland.
I believe that the people of Europe, the world of enterprise do not expect across-the-board aid or mere legislative measures from us, but need to be shown that the institutions are capable of being there, are capable of supporting the citizens, entrepreneurs and all those who are committed to tackling this crisis.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on her excellent work and on her excellent report.
I regret that I have had to take time to give a detailed response on the important question put by honourable Members.
In this way, the new Members will be able to participate fully in the final drafting of the text.
This is especially worrying since a part of those funds falls under the N+2 rule, which states that funds committed must be used by the Member States within two years of the initial allocation, or the funds will be forfeited.
There are two extremes that I firmly believe we must avoid.
We must, now more than ever, be conscious of the thin line separating internal security and external security.
The Communist Party governing the country and controlling national funds is able to interfere in the economy, while state institutions are trying to maintain their influence via bureaucratic procedures and administrative requirements, thus impeding access of EU investments and goods to this market as well as their effect upon the market.
A euro, as strong as it is, will require, whatever anyone says, gradual increases in interest rates.
That would be the real cost, to which in the longer term we would not be able to respond.
The priority objective of NAFO is to contribute through consultation and cooperation to the optimum utilisation and rational management and conservation of the fishery resources of the Convention Area NAFO and the promotion of ideas for international collaboration to improve the sustainable management of marine resources in the high seas based on the scientific research fundamentals.
This was the biggest success I can remember the European Union achieving to date against smuggling and tax fraud.
In my view, the Council must basically make its position clearly understood, if only because it seems to me that the French Presidency has undertaken to present at the next Council meeting a document on the prospects for peace in the Middle East.
I feel very strongly that the debate this evening and tomorrow will be the most relevant debate in any parliament on financial markets anywhere in Europe or in the United States - debate and decisions in the sense that we are looking forward, trying to make better regulation than we have now and trying to take on a broad responsibility for doing the job as well as we can.
Now that the European Union's competences have been expanded in the fields of human rights (the Charter of Fundamental Rights is now primary legislation) and sustainable development (one of the five key objectives for Europe 2020), I felt it was important to support the report produced by my colleague Tokia Saïfi, which seeks to ensure that these issues are better reflected in the Union's trade agreements.
A good indication of this is the increase in the number of asylum requests, which have virtually doubled in the last three years in the main European countries, even though approximately three quarters of these are rejected as unjustified, thereby greatly increasing the number of immigrants illegally resident on our territory.
Some of these have been outlined by Mr Miller.
Europe needs this.
The next item is the report (A5-0020/2000) by Mrs Cederschiöld, on behalf of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, on a draft Framework Decision of the Council on increasing protection by penal sanctions against counterfeiting in connection with the introduction of the euro (5116/1999 - C5-0332/1999 - 1999/0821(CNS)).
The adoption of this report is the result of a long series of arduous discussions.
We have therefore voted against these amendments.
(DE) Mr President, the earthquake in Friaul 30 years ago killed more than 3 000 people and is something which I still remember very vividly.
'We need the Treaty of Lisbon.
More specifically, regarding the two questions that have been asked, the Council would like to draw attention to the fact that, overall, measures concerning the physical security of nuclear plants are an area of national competence.
We need to be responsible.
Take an active coordinating role in reaching international agreements on all of these issues relating to the Arctic.
(The sitting was suspended at 20.10 and resumed at 21.00.)
I do not at present see how we could quickly extricate ourselves from such a crisis.
To judge from the amount of lobbying on this issue, this is clearly a very important issue for the citizens of the European Union.
After many years of pushing and cajoling, we finally seem to be taking this step towards sustainable national accounts and that is highly necessary as - let us be entirely honest - the economic system that we have at the moment is simply not working.
I am referring in particular to Romania.
In this respect it is particularly important to tackle efficiently the question on how cross-border environmental problems are tackled at EU level.
(PL) Mr President, we are today debating the murder of a girl who was stoned to death in Somalia.
Furthermore, we find it difficult to accept how religion can interfere to such drastic and occasionally sadistic effect in matters of criminal and civil law.
Secondly, on the question of staff, here too Parliament has been able to provide a way of sensibly dealing with that process, rather than what might have been an immediate surge - as the Council wanted - of productivity gains but maybe not achieving very much.
They concern our children's future.
    The next item is the report (A6-0382/2005) by Mrs Fourtou, on behalf of the Committee on Petitions, on the alleged abuse of the Valencian Land Law known as the LRAU and its effect on European citizens (Petitions 609/2003, 732/2003, 985/2002, 1112/2002, 107/2004 and others) [2004/2208(INI)].
In this respect, you know, Ombudsman, that my group will support your requests in this matter.
Secondly, a particular gap has been identified in the protection of victims, especially in terms of support structures.
We must have more cooperation between the US Congress and the European Parliament in order to bring about democratic accountability and the desired goal of a transatlantic Schengen-type zone.
The Commission prefers a solution that limits the administrative burden, and therefore the cost, for market makers.
The recent and continuing invasion in Kosovo, using the rights of minorities as a pretext, and the unbelievable demands being made on Yugoslavia are a typical example of how military intervention is being advanced as a general principle of international law at the expense of the principle of national sovereignty.
The lower the level of awareness the easier it is for conditions to arise that are conducive to, for example, misinformation, which takes a hold on people's minds more readily precisely because they are not sufficiently informed about how the EU operates.
With its road map for equality between women and men for the period 2006-2010, the European Commission made a commitment to help eradicate sexual violence and violence linked to the trafficking in human beings.
In October last year a large majority in this House upheld the principle of applying delegated acts to external funding decisions as well, so as to have power of veto over them.
Secondly, of course it does not mean that measures will not be taken if costs are incurred but we should at least try to assess the costs honestly and then an informed decision can be taken.
I am in favour of not limiting the terms of office of members of the Advisory Committee.
Therefore, let us focus on quality and not packaging units.
8.
This might be the case only for immigration-related purposes.
They are undergoing not forced labour, but hard labour.
But the procedure laid down in Article 138 of the Treaty is quite clear that it is Parliament and not the Commission that exercises the legislative initiative, and that has been done, as the House knows.
In any event I should like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank Parliament, and in particular the rapporteurs and all those who showed great interest in or were involved in the debate on the enlargement process, for the encouragement they have always given the Commission to take new initiatives in order to maintain the tempo of the enlargement process.
The Albanian leadership’s protest and distancing of itself was not loud enough or convincing enough for me.
As a result, I distinguish three basic negative concepts in the report: firstly, the fact that we are calling on the European Union to define a strategy for facing the challenges in question, by making the internal market more flexible.
It is a duty that we owe to future generations to fortify this European space policy and make the vital choices to place into orbit an avant-garde and futuristic Europe for subsequent generations to live in.
in writing. - (SK) The resolution deals with the preparations for the EU-Russia Summit to be held on 9 and 10 June 2011 in Nizhny Novgorod.
   – European countries seem to be victims of an infectious homophobia that is cause for concern.
It is essential that all European workers know that Europe supports them in their involvement in the life of their company, in their daily lives as workers, and especially at the present time.
Your discussion this morning and the discussion that is going on in the Council have shown that it is extremely difficult to strike a balance which is acceptable to everyone.
My Group, on the other hand, considers the principle of equality sacrosanct.
In view of the fact that this website is also aimed at European citizens, does the Commission consider that competition in music services will be undermined since this agreement involves only three record companies which will make their songs available on the Internet free of charge and will enjoy the profits from advertising on the same website?
I have three specific proposals, Mr President:
For the last two years, the European Union has provided assistance of between EUR 8 and 10 million on an annual basis.
The sad truth is that these businesses have suffered greatly in the past two years.
There are persistent speculations to the effect that this self-same ominous ‘deep state’ is linked to the killing of the Italian priest Andrea Santoro in Trabzon in February of this year, and that brings me to the altogether humiliating position of the Christian Church in Turkey, the clergy and lay members of which are considered to be foreigners.
The most important of these is the granting of permits for aircraft crew in the European Union.
This is why I have supported the proposal.
It is a reply within his terms of reference.
Mr President, I have learned that the Hungarian minority in Vojvodina, which is smaller than the Slovak minority, is to receive a special statute enabling it to enjoy the rights of a Member State.
Mr Commissioner, you have primarily concentrated on the logistical and technical aspects, and you have only just begun to touch on the monetary risks that could ensue from what you call the gigantic holdings by foreigners of German marks but also presumably of other euro zone currencies.
I agree with the Member who said that we may well want environmentally friendly HGVs, but they do not yet exist; we know perfectly well that the Euro-4 lorry is scarcely yet on the market, and that is another reason why we need a transitional regulation.
I am referring to the great responsibility that we have towards the future of energy and the environment, that is to say, towards the survival of the planet and towards future generations.
Europe has run aground.
I notice that this is very different from the current possibility that the Member States will subsidise insurance internally, with the CAP Health Check.
There is clearly a concern about the risks of distortion in terms of competition, but it is not just a question of concern, and on this I believe that the rapporteur will agree with me. There is also an opportunity for the European Union to manage the crisis, to avoid panic and to guarantee the rights of depositors.
Madam President, the EU is not, of course, concerned with conjugal ethics, but with guaranteeing the rights of EU citizens wherever they may be and whomever they decide to marry.
Alas, it did not receive a majority of votes.
I would also like to point out that I could not agree more that our proposals must be tailor-made to the specific fisheries and must contain in-built incentives, as I said, and support for the changes in behaviour that fishermen will have to adopt.
In debating this report, which is, on the whole, correct – and I hope that all amendments, and all elements relating to human and citizens’ rights will be adopted by this House – we should remember that repression of religious communities – and that includes all, from the Catholic Church to religious movements such as Falun Gong, which are being oppressed in a quite shocking manner – as well as repression of fundamental human rights is not a thing of the past in China, and continue on a daily basis.
Ladies and gentlemen, we could have achieved a result even before 9 December, but this was not fully understood when I convened the committee, on 9/10 December, to force the Council to face up to its responsibilities.
We must look at the decision to close the Vilvorde site in this context, not as an isolated measure or a sanction but quite certainly as a strategic industrial decision that will enable Renault to cope with the fact that European automobile market has declined more than expected from the Commission's forecasts - based on the fact that in 1996 less than three million vehicles were sold - and, in the long term, to protect the jobs of 140 000 Renault employees who would have suffered the consequences if this decision had not been taken.
One of the biggest problems with countries applying for EU membership is how EU regulation levels are to be achieved, and that is particularly so with the environment.
We have good reason to be surprised at this introduction to the subject.
I spoke at the beginning of the uneasiness of many of our citizens, who experience or feel that they have too little influence on how quickly, in which direction and towards what destination the European unification train is travelling.
It is no use trying to dodge the fact or hide it away.
These foundations are local elections and the establishment of regional authorities that have power and not merely rifles.
At second reading, Parliament proposed and also adopted two amendments.
Both documents contain interesting remarks on the role of associations and foundations at national, regional and local levels, but a European dimension is also mentioned, inter alia with reference to the proposal for a Statute for a European association in 1992.
In conclusion, I should like to say that as the House defends the cause of Belarus today, it is also defending European solidarity and honour.
It is a good thing that we are already taking on board the possibility that this infection could gain a significant foothold in Europe, but it looks as if this is as far as we are going.
The EU Member States are facing problems because we have failed to reach an agreement with the Swiss.
These intolerable actions only serve to increase the hatred and feelings of vengeance.
So turkeys may be able to vote for Christmas after all.
This follows 14% pay cuts in the public and private sectors.
What is decisive for the public's sense of belonging is what goes down well with them.
The most southerly part of Mediterranean Europe is threatened by a process of physical desertification, in the literal sense of the word.
On a number of points, I do not however share the rapporteur's view.
I am proud that we have achieved this.
The position adopted by the Commission and by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy in this connection is qualified: while price stability is guaranteed and maintained, we can be more flexible as regards monetary policy, provided of course that budgetary discipline is maintained and continued. In fact, productive private investment has deliberately had to slow down for years precisely because of the enormous debt accumulated and the substantial sums given to finance both this debt and our deficits.
Before the start of accession negotiations, Turkey had made huge steps towards reform and the EU recognised this accordingly.
I see many similar approaches on the issue of the amendment of the Regulation.
Mr President, we have to restore public confidence in aviation and we have to let the market decide what happens to the airlines themselves.
Each of the persons involved needed time to prepare and get up to speed.
On the DAS, I appreciate the difficulty which the Court has, because we have not allocated sufficient manpower for the double job to be done and it is putting up a good show with short resources.
The people of Poland are also entitled to a say on an issue of such vital importance for them.
These groups are always protected by legislation which is lax from environmental, commercial and fiscal points of view, and Gibraltar is no exception.
Draft general budget of the European Union - Financial year 2008 (vote)
Mr President, the problem of illegal immigration deserves specific attention because of the intense human suffering involved.
I really do not understand how it is possible to make this kind of criticism against the European institutions, by using the death of so many people.
   . I will be voting for this report, but the whole fate of inland waterway vessels in the UK is currently under threat.
Quite the reverse. It will require courage and powers of persuasion to remove the feelings of uncertainty and fear, particularly at a time of economic decline.
The EU urges Russia to uphold its commitments and guarantee this right to citizens.
It is however misconceived. Every mini-agreement is reached on such a restricted basis that they remain at the mercy of the next suicide attack and then have to be re-established all over again.
It is a minimal indication of democratic responsibility towards the civil society of Europe.
In the area of human rights and the protection of minorities and vulnerable groups, further efforts are needed by Bulgaria and Romania.
Ultimately, the consumer ends up paying the same price for a kilo of sugar.
There are many points of detail in the report which are particularly controversial, not least the idea of European Union embassies and the suggestion that the European Union should have "coordinated representation in international bodies such as the UN".
The great problem here with policing – as you must know even better than I – is that individual nationalities and forces are reluctant to cooperate.
Another enemy is terrorism, and here too we are right behind Israel in combating all forms of terrorism, including the - appalling - series of suicide attacks.
He told us movingly about the work going on in the UK to deal with BSE.
Africa must not be a continent from which the have-nots understandably want to escape.
Amendments: we do not consider that in their entirety they endanger the general agreement.
President Pöttering's decision was sensible and humane.
The number of dead is currently around 300, with 70 000 homeless, 15 000 homes destroyed, 120 bridges broken, the main hydroelectric plant at Machu Pichu completely wrecked by landslides, and about US$ 1.2 billion's worth of damage.
I really believe that in this way this European Conference also offers the possibility of bridge-building beyond the future borders of the European Union.
The production of foodstuffs is, after all, the main point of an agricultural policy; one should not therefore be able to shirk responsibility for ensuring that food products are healthy.
That is the main difference, which is why it really has paid off for Member States who have not just complied with the requirements of the current law but have even gone beyond them.
The objectives of the EU 2020 strategy include, in particular, reducing school drop-out rates to below 10% and ensuring that at least 40% of young generations obtain a qualification.
As to the workers in the underground economy themselves, they are often deprived of the rights to which employees are entitled.
It is in these countries in particular that the number of violent deaths has grown significantly in the past years.
Why do we not have the courage to accept that one or other will fail?
Member of the Commission. - (CS) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the Green Paper has created a good opportunity for discussion on the need to improve labour law to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
All that would seriously jeopardise the competitiveness of the coral goods craft industry, which is of major importance in terms of the economy and jobs in some areas of Italy (Torre del Greco in particular, Alghero and Trapani).
If it does exceed this level, even via social security, as was the case in the footwear sector in Italy, or with the Maribel operation in Belgium for exporters, or in the textile sector in France, then the Commission is required to intervene, because it is a case of state aid - in the form of reduced social security contributions or reduced taxes - causing distortion of competition.
We share the conclusion of the motion for a resolution that this joint action was justified and worthwhile, although not all its goals have been achieved and that it provides valuable lessons for the future.
This is surely the way forward.
I do not like nuclear options, to use the term adopted by someone in Mr Bolkestein's cabinet to refer to Mr Monti's proposal to force the postal market to split its activities.
What are at stake are cross-border and domestic policy matters of common interest, such as illegal immigration, the sex trade and trafficking in human beings, including women.
Discards are by the CFP, rather than prevented by it.
Similarly, feed produced from GMOs will have to be labelled to facilitate the freedom of choice for farmers and other operators dealing with animal feed.
The assumption of at least Amendment No 1 - and to some extent Amendment No 30 - is that the substitution principle exists as a fully worked-out concept.
I am glad to learn that the Irish language is now being nurtured in the north, too.
   Mr President, I understand that the purpose of this proposal is to allow the regulation of herbal medicines under a simplified procedure.
What steps, Mr Prodi, would you be willing to take along this road in 2001?
What are the prospects of the crucial negotiations on the post-Kyoto period following this G8 proposal?
Otherwise, I would be dishonest towards you.
In the light of these considerations, we Social Democrats in the European Parliament are voting against all forms of state aid to the shipbuilding industry.
Today he faces a life sentence and so far we have done nothing to help.
I very much agree with you that a solution should now be found to this particular issue.
You are about to vote on the proposal for a directive on the procurement of defence and security equipment, which the Commission tabled in December 2007 as part of the so-called 'defence package'.
I welcome the mention on DG SANCO's website, but this is a first step only.
We are also attempting to press for a situation in which the review of agricultural policy, the midterm review, really does lead to actual change.
At this very moment, there are tens of thousands of people in jail and dozens have died.
On the campaign trail, the voters ask us outright.
How can this be achieved, however, if the problems and the potential solutions are not fully understood?
We take note of these comments, which are inevitable, furthermore, given the lack of time.
That said, I believe that the approach that you have chosen, which is to say, not laying down these targets in binding form, is the correct one.
In my opinion, such an important decision must on no account be taken over the heads of the population, and that is why I have abstained in this instance.
I should like to address you in the same vein.
The future of our agricultural systems and the profession of farming itself, the health of our citizens and those who are employed in the food sector are dependent on the modernisation and development of our agricultural structures in a balanced and even-handed manner.
Suddenly the letter is no longer valid.
As has already been said, this is a first, and in my view the experiment is definitely worth the while.
This I cannot predict.
The capital that flows to the Palestinian Authorities largely ends up in unknown pockets.
I am not sure exactly which Mr González you are referring to, but...Ah!
I am in favour of such codification and have therefore voted in favour of this report.
If they became aware that one of their fellow detainees was likely to crack under interrogation, they would have made efforts to kill him as well.
The same applies to other institutions, where we weighed up all of this, all the decisions taken by the Council, and added to it our own assessment of the needs of these institutions.
I believe that the EU has sufficient means at its disposal and yet the resources we have to deal with such situations - in particular Frontex - are completely inadequate.
To that end, on 17 April I hosted a meeting in Brussels with all the European sports federations, and I shall do so again, together with Mrs Buffet, on 26 and 27 October.
In fact, Denmark fulfils all the criteria to join the euro area according to the Treaty, but it is up to the Danish authorities, the Danish Parliament and maybe the Danish citizens in a referendum, to decide.
We have now obtained a first-rate enumeration of a variety of measures.
It would be like trying to stop people in a crowd chatting to one another.
(EL) Mr President, the EU's budget is the main way to achieve political priorities.
Having said that, one should bear in mind that trade facilitation and globalisation is highly influenced by the relative development of participating countries.
Deforestation also causes serious soil erosion, certainly in mountain regions, and disturbs the water balance, which has a major impact on biodiversity, too.
Mr President, the reduction of defence expenditure in the Union's Member States, and consequently, the corresponding reduction of expenditure on defence research and technology, combined with the fragmented nature of the Western European defence market, have left the European defence industry in a situation of stagnation. The Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy was asked to respond to the Commission's questioning of the extent to which the framework programme could help to revitalize the defence industry without putting its non-military aims at risk.
I hope that this confidence remains secure over the long term so that we are able to maintain this freedom of travel, this freedom of movement within the European Union as a major public good over the long term.
Knowledge, as such, is a strong weapon.
Member States are taking the appropriate action, given the level of exposure that they believe exists in their own Member State.
At the Commission's suggestion, the mudflats at Stegrennan were formally included in the Boyne Estuary special protection area, from which they had previously been excluded.
Will there be a limit value of zero for seeds as is already the practice in a number of states?
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - Madam President, I am pleased that there is political will on both sides of the Atlantic for the great partnership between our two continents.
It has a negative impact on the development of eating habits.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen. The group of the European People's Party supports this report.
On the other hand, it is clear that there must be national measures if this initiative is to develop along the right lines and therefore enough time must be left for them to be adopted according to the existing regulatory framework.
Europe benefits greatly from stable governments in all its neighbouring countries.
The truth is that Greece now meets the convergence criteria, with the exception of the public debt criterion.
More importantly, the there is still no guarantee for the consumer when buying products, as to whether they contain genetically modified ingredients or not.
I do not think they would use the term 'delicacy' , as the Council did.
The EU must make up its mind, therefore, whether to put economic interests or people first.
I too had hoped that we would make more progress. This applies in particular to the proposal concerning temporary shelter where there has been a mass influx of refugees.
It appears that a report has been produced by a panel of experts.
Basically, this is not a traditional accession of States.
In spite of the two-year pregnancy, I find the new-born report we have just seen to be rather underhand.
The sixth and final item: do not confuse your European responsibility with the bilateral issues to be resolved or Austria's responsibility towards the Slovenian minority in Austria.
Mr President, I would like to stress that, in an age of significant technological changes - just look at what is happening in the information technology sector and other sectors such as energy and transport - safeguarding competition will be of fundamental importance for our future.
I think that we have drawn up a sound report and I would thank all the members of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, for they have made a marvellous contribution to this report.
In Brussels this month, there was a conference at which the various EU projects that are being undertaken were introduced.
This kind of development would change the nature of the Union and make it more similar to a Nation-State.
In my opinion, the CAP should be managed by means of the four basic regulations.
One final comment: this was a first step; further steps - also in the field of development and mobility - will follow. They must, for the future of our industry and, above all, for the future of our people.
A typical example is the situation which prevails regarding ships under flags of convenience, which are directly connected with falling maritime safety standards and which are generally responsible for most accidents and for the most serious accidents.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, I have a high personal regard for you, and that is why I regret the fact that Commissioner Rehn is not here, as I am far from satisfied with that answer.
Demography, development and democratization are their three burdens, and our three opportunities.
Moreover, when we are able to assess their results, we hope to be able to praise and applaud you as we have done in hope here today.
(EL) Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, in your reply on Kosovo, you did not once mention 'the UN', or 'international legality'!
Equally I support the reference to organic, local and regional products, but this cannot entirely replace the necessity of best value for money or variety.
It is based on facts, it is conclusive and it gets to the point.
I appeal to you all, ladies and gentlemen: the report should be improved upon in the part-session.
That being said, the following are crucial points I should like to emphasise.
Europe' s role is also to invent an alternative foreign policy based specifically on preventing conflicts, on the need for ever fewer arms.
The common position does indeed incorporate many of the amendments proposed by Parliament at first reading.
What is it that has determined the need for this IGC?
Since I wish neither to distance myself from the positions with which I agree nor to support those I oppose, abstention was my only option.
As regards the methods used by the Court of Auditors to produce a Statement of Assurance, it goes without saying that we are prepared to look deeper into this concept and the idea of a single audit, in order to enhance and improve the coordination between the Court of Auditors and the checks carried out on the spot by the Internal Audit Service on behalf of the Commission.
We know that Parliament approved the guidelines set out in Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi's proposal for better Community legislation.
The European Union must keep its military capabilities, hold onto its military ambitions and must retain its ambition in the case of the common security and defence policy (CSDP) as was pointed out in the tripartite Franco-German and Polish letter.
That is why we should not rush these things unnecessarily.
It is not about exports at all, it is about the European internal market.
And do you not think that the Court of Justice should also be asked to rule on the legality of that agreement?
Mr President, every time there is a disaster of this kind people say it must never happen again.
We ought instead to be worrying about the fact that the anti-discrimination directive we have today is being changed and watching to see how it pans out.
French is the language of its development, but, as we saw at a meeting of the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly in Rabat only a few days ago, some would prefer French to give way to English as the one and only international language.
Europe can do something with that.
I support the motion for a resolution.
The Commission has already asked for an expert study to be carried out by highly qualified specialists on this subject.
The Commission's proposal touches on three issues: the exemption of self-employed hauliers from the scope of the law, the provision of a more precise definition for night work and support for the application of the law.
I wish to know why this should be?
If there was a need for inspections, it was never so acute as during this period.
The Commission cannot accept, in the same amendment, a reference to the total amount allocated to the programme since this is not consistent with the legislative procedures provided for in the consultation procedure.
If the past can teach us one thing, it is that we must not think that we - Europe - can solve Africa's problems.
We have to bear in mind that we have to be very careful to keep the market balanced.
   Mr President, I am pleased and at the same time grateful that, after a very long time, the rapporteur has, after all, managed to find good compromises within the life of this Parliament.
A promise is even made to them to ‘define the soul’ of this new Europe - an odd term, ‘soul’, when you have rejected any Christian references in your draft Constitution.
How are you going to resolve this question?
It is much more political, and we are very worried about the independence of the Court of Auditors in relation to the requirements set down by the Committee on Budgets, so I do hope that will be considered.
The same applies to the impact assessments referred to in the question for oral answer.
Awareness of the system varies greatly from country to country, often depending on the number of registered names in a country.
This House's contribution will undoubtedly permit the establishment of new guidelines for cooperation between the Council, the Commission, and the European Parliament, in order to strengthen the political and institutional partnership based on a spirit of mutual trust.
Finally, I would like to call upon Commissioner Kovács to consider how we could get the economy moving again using tax policy and, in particular, using new and shorter opportunities for depreciation and appropriate allowances.
(DE) We have voted on the EIT here in the European Parliament today and we agree de facto that it must have absolute priority.
We voted against the report for the following reasons:
But we cannot blame the Commission alone for the crisis of confidence as regards Europe.
The other reason was that many Member States of the European Union prosecute and imprison people for exercising non-violent freedom of expression, the holding of heretical opinions or taking part in dissenting activity.
If Parliament chooses to support Mr Lamassoure's report, we will leave behind this system and move to one based on the proportionality principle, where a country's size affects its representation in Parliament.
Most candidates seem to be making sufficient progress, but some of them have serious problems, particularly in the field of corruption, implementation of the acquis, administrative capacity and independent financial control.
Politicians have different expectations: some want more Europe, some less.
To be perfectly honest, however, I must say that Parliament was aware of this a year ago and came up with some very sound proposals.
The new text will read: ‘... having regard to the exchange of letters between the President of the European Parliament and the President of the Commission on the full association of the European Parliament with any consideration of activation of one of the safeguard clauses on the Treaty of Accession’.
On the basis of experience gathered to date, I have reached the conclusion that tunnels without separate lanes and without parallel escape tunnels are unsuitable for use by large numbers of cars and by heavy goods traffic.
Deplorably enough, however, in the joint motion for a resolution, we do not find a single word of condemnation of the United States authorities or of the European countries that were complicit with them in this activity.
The second pillar of this structure is regulation, which lies partially in your hands.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am speaking partly in my capacity as future draftsman of the opinion on the Community strategy on health and safety at work.
But to claim to incorporate the environmental aspect into the development process is pure hypocrisy when the ruling classes of rich countries are in fact blocking the poor countries' path to development and are maintaining the majority of their populations in poverty.
I would like to emphasise the need to step up the efforts between the European Union and these two countries in promoting scientific and technological transfer, with a view to consolidating real cooperation in fighting climate change and improving environmental protection.
So we now have very high hopes that a new body that can promote renewed international cooperation in the jute sector will come out of the long painful discussion about the old jute organisation.
We do not have this capacity at present.
The European Union, therefore, in order to be coherent in terms of the values on which it is founded, must make fighting the death penalty a priority, not only before the United Nations General Assembly, but also in its relations with third countries which have yet to abolish it, whatever links the Union may have with these countries or their strategic or commercial importance, because nobody must be given the power to decide on the life or death of a human being.
Both texts concerning the ECSC in 1999 therefore have a broad consensus and their adoption on Thursday should not pose any major problems.
Some of you have been very critical of the European Union.
   It does not make a big difference, but we prefer the original sequence, and therefore we oppose this shifting of paragraph 30.
The debate is closed.
The financial crisis has engulfed the whole world.
The portal includes information under these headings, but it is of a very general nature and gives only a brief national snapshot.
First, because we need to take time for an in-depth analysis of what happened.
Parliament’s right to share in decisions must, however, be guaranteed in full.
Although FYROM was in no way involved in this tragic event, their resounding response is an act of solidarity and a civilised gesture worthy of respect and admiration.
As you pointed out following Mrs Hedkvist’s question, a recent study has shown that using dipped headlights during the day will help to reduce the number of road accidents appreciably: by between 5 and 15%.
On 9 May, your House adopted the Second Amending Budget, which allocated the Data Protection Supervisor the sum of EUR 1.272 million and 15 posts in the 2004 Budget.
It is therefore much more important to curb this deforestation than to take part in such a numbers race.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in my view, this directive is, without doubt, the most important directive for the small and family-run businesses of Europe.
It is so easy to use emotion, but let us not forget that it is entirely thanks to Europe that we are able to have a free market and actually trade our products.
That is what we want to see the Commission look at.
This budget is the personification of poverty, it is a budget for the few and the powerful and not for the many and the weak.
However, once again, we are up against a tight schedule; the Commission's mandate expires at the end of 2008 and it is essential that the Council approve these proposals at the end of October.
In the old industrial areas in northern China, unemployment is estimated at 40%.
This report highlights the need to update the current provisions of the Rules of Procedure, making them more compatible with the new provisions of the 1976 Act.
Manufacturers do not actually know what they ought to be labelling or how.
In the Council's view, the main objective of the regulation is to grant rights to passengers travelling on regular services where the scheduled distance is equal to, or more than, 250 kilometres.
I think it would be a good thing if all the other Member States followed suit.
I think I do not need to remind you that the precautionary principle does not mean waiting until there is absolute proof, which in this case would mean waiting for the final result of the risk assessment, when there is sufficiently serious and tangible evidence to demonstrate that a substance could have harmful effects on public health and on the environment.
Although the rapporteur presents some proposals to solve these problems which seem fair to us and deserve our support, there are others that are clearly inadequate; some are even ambiguous and others go so far as being contradictory.
In these circumstances, once again, we deplore the fact that countries which are the victims of monetary dumping cannot, ultimately, protect themselves by means of compensatory monetary sums.
They also need to raise the issue of the effect of the liberalization on the ability of developing countries to adopt the poverty focused programmes which are essential to their progress.
I would like to say that cultural diversity is also tied in with the question of the market.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (FR) Madam President, Minister, Commissioner, we all know that the protection of fundamental rights is the cornerstone of the implementation of the European area of freedom, security and justice.
Only a competitive economy can provide scope for flexible changes in working time.
Vice-President of the Commission. - 2008 is a crucial year for all of the institutions to prepare for the European elections next year.
Our sincere hope is that the Commission fulfils its intention of giving explanations when it does not take complaints further.
If it only applies to Africa, then the communiqué is presenting a somewhat different picture.
I can therefore state quite categorically that the rapporteur has failed to make any allowance in her assessments for the significant influence of Communist regimes on the social situation in the new Member States.
We would, though, risk missing this target if we were to adopt the so-called compromise amendment 94 to Article 6, which has been tabled jointly by the PSE, the Liberals, the Greens and the GUE/NGL Group, and which would alter the fundamental direction not only of my report, but also of the Commission proposal and of the Water Framework Directive.
   Mr President, Commissioner Nielson, the rules of origin are very clear, but the problem is that they are not respected by Israel.
I would therefore echo Mr Méndez de Vigo's call to the House not to dwell on the details of the draft treaty, which, for all its defects, will enable us to continue making progress.
Mutual confidence cannot be brought about by decree.
Why now?
In 2008 and 2009 funding is continuing, with EUR 2.5 million more for further projects.
This applies to paragraphs 18 and 29.
The Commission believes that the most effective way to achieve a widespread improvement in animal welfare standards is to work towards an international consensus.
Mr Titley is out of step with his own Foreign Minister who said that he wanted to clean up the UK's international arms export reputation.
I also assured Mr Davis of the Commission’s staunch support for the second inquiry set up in parallel by the Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly.
A large part of the complexity often comes not from the officials but from clients, policy makers, politicians in Member States and Members of the European Parliament.
Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou, I cannot add much more to what I have already said.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office, I wish to thank you for mentioning a policy for children, because our children are the future of Europe.
Subject: Causes of the dreadful train crash on Monday, 15 February in Buizingen
I agree with Mr González Triviño that we need improvements in both active and passive passenger safety.
We have seen the social costs of this phenomenon for Portuguese farmers, who have been forced to abandon or to modify the activities that they have always carried out.
The European Union must strive to ensure in particular that Russia can develop a workable democratic system for itself, with viable social and economic institutions.
At the same time, relations between the employer and the employee should be sufficiently flexible to allow entrepreneurs to make the changes with which they are faced owing to the market situation.
It is a well-known fact that Europeans are more highly valued, or perhaps more accepted in Afghanistan than our American friends.
Cohesion policy is an essential pillar in the process of European integration and one of the most successful EU policies, facilitating convergence between regions, as well as stimulating growth and employment using financing from the structural funds.
The purpose of the communication was threefold.
That is why I am voting 'no' this time.
I listened to you with humility as becomes an interim director, but nonetheless it was a relatively negative image that I was presented with.
At the same time, we must be aware of the vital importance attaching to the European perspective for countries in the Western Balkans, but also for Ukraine and other countries, as a key to the success of their internal reform process in pursuit of more democracy and the rule of law, focusing their aspirations more sharply on Brussels than in any other direction.
At the present time there are nine different charging systems in Europe for the use of the rail infrastructure, with subsidisation ranging between zero and 100 %.
However, even underage children are executed in the USA and, according to statistics, the criminal justice system operates selectively at the expense of the weakest economic and social groups, especially if they are dark-skinned.
The single currency has had an indirect impact on the exports of the new Member States by slowing their development and holding them back.
We are now studying those implications carefully, so as to assess the possible effects on other Community policies.
I can quote Greece as an example. It is very much a country with marked peculiarities, but these are not taken into account.
But, of course, the key question now is: culling or vaccination?
To realise full copyright protection we also need more powerful means to crush widespread piracy.
This has been Parliament's position right from the beginning and across all the groups.
We are not capable of securing development investment.
It is doing its utmost to block all relations between Georgia and the West.
This partnership can be enhanced in particular in the domains of education and culture.
The issue of respect for human rights is scarcely mentioned.
The second issue which forms part of the larger picture is mainly an issue to do with the local government officials.
The first Council sessions were certainly rather disappointing.
The number of people affected by this disaster is extremely high.
I do not know who wrote that or whether that person had actually been sampling some of the products of excise duty prior to writing it.
It is not sectoral in its approach but covers a broad range of activities aimed at improving the employability of people for the local labour market by training them to fill the jobs available or by giving them access to new employment opportunities.
On the one hand, international competition remains extremely distorted.
We also want to try to improve the environment on our roads by means of training, because if drivers know how that works, they will be able to influence it.
In the gallery today, we have a group of young people from NEPOMAK, the World Organisation for Young Overseas Cypriots in the UK, who have come to see this declaration announced.
In actual fact, for those who took part in the Convention and continue to be proud of having done so – including many of you – the spirit presiding over the work was, quite simply, European rather than international.
On the other hand, the Commission' s decisions and the judgments of the Court of Justice have enjoyed well-earned prestige in terms of achieving this aim.
Greece has a tax reform problem.
The report takes a much broader view, treating the term as covering any of the forms that can be taken by the right to harvest fish, given that these are seen as a common public good.
We must, however, continue to fight to ensure that others, such as China, with around two thousand official executions per year - eight thousand, according to unofficial data - join the global moratorium and suspend their executions.
When such steps are taken, we would further desire the involvement of Parliament in the process, so that we can give our views and work together in order to make the system work.
I think we are all aware of the impact of these price changes on coffee-growers, which, as we have known for a long time, is only one stage of a general problem, namely the dependency of poor countries on a few basic products.
It would be good to discuss this with the developing countries because these are very dependent indeed upon exporting raw materials.
Secure customs exchange mechanisms will also enable rapid action to be taken when information becomes available on new types of dangerous products.
Firstly, however, the Commission must refrain from implementing measures that, in practical terms, may result in further erosion of quality public services in the various countries of the EU.
There is, however, reason for calling for a general tightening-up, on the parts of both the Council and Parliament, before the second reading so that, from a purely budgetary point of view, they are able to handle the situation that has arisen in the wake of the terrorist attacks in the United States.
Appropriate amounts should be set aside for this.
One of the concrete results of this coordination process was that the Council Secretariat drew up a technical comparison of the EU draft and the Council of Europe's text.
But it is also one of the most difficult reports to be debated by us, due to the large differences between our countries and due to the value which we all put on national traditions.
But those derogations from the rules of the single market were intended to be temporary and to be phased out.
Therefore, we must keep a watchful eye on the content of this future agreement, particularly as regards the level of public aid.
It must also be clear to us that we have to hold fast to the separation of the powers, and that is why I want to spell it out to the House that anyone who promises, here in this House today, that national models of the welfare state will be transposed to the European level, is trying to hoodwink the public.
But we should not deceive ourselves.
It has not been availed of because they are not aware of it, because of difficulties with language, etc. The first thing is certainly to transpose the directive into law.
It is important that the general public should become aware of this debate.
Current farming practice, as has also been stated here, has been responsible for most of the effluent in our waterways and the reason for their eutrophication.
It is amazing that no graduate student in the Netherlands or France has written a thesis on what this means for Europe's border controls and the like.
I think the measures I have mentioned testify to the fact that Europe is constantly trying, in a concrete way, to address the needs of the most vulnerable groups, especially in the current economic situation.
I see our role as connecting other reliable information providers such as Member States or patient organisations.
Today is a good time to draw the attention of world opinion to people just such as Liu Xiaobo.
(IT) Madam President, President of the Council, President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, in my political worldview, ideals need to be reconciled with interests.
The report says in its opening paragraphs that the necessary effort must be made on behalf of information policy.
The need to modernise our statistics results also from the existence of different systems and different statistical practices in Member States, which often makes it difficult to compare data across the whole European Union.
Personally, I particularly like the Danish model, where there is transparent access to the grid; there is an energy tax which corrects prices; there are clear targets for renewable energy sources; and there is an almost protected market.
Mr Blair knows perfectly well that there are many shortcomings within Turkey at the present time and there have been for many years.
In directives currently under way, such as the national emission limitation directive and the directive on large combustion plants - refer to the Oomen-Ruijten report - these issues are of key importance.
The Union's decision-making rules had to be adapted to allow for enlargement.
The forthcoming negotiations regarding the expiry of the transit agreement with Austria will provide a good opportunity in this respect.
In a few years' time, we will be heading towards 10 ppm, compared to 27 000 ppm accounted for by sea-going vessels.
That in itself speaks volumes about the Labour Party's attitude toward the European Parliament.
The action campaigns must also aim to reduce noise.
We are therefore going to vote in favour of the amendments by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, designed to prune the threshold values for authorised GMOs back to 0.5%.
How is it possible that the euro zone is only a single payment area for notes and coins, with all other means of payment being discouraged by punitive bank charges?
The country was a Soviet satellite state.
I should therefore like to draw your attention to the written declaration I and my colleagues have prepared on this problem, the relationship between diabetes and obesity in pregnancy.
The European Union is endowed with a Charter of Fundamental Rights.
Our fellow Member has, to be precise, tabled a motion of inadmissibility based on the absence of a legal basis, pending the ratification of the Treaty of Nice.
This House has, for many years, been monitoring the efforts of the European Commission with regard to a code of European civil law and has expressed its approval and lent its support in numerous resolutions since 1989.
This figure is wrong.
I would like to comment on a few issues that have been raised here, which I think are very important.
Ladies and gentlemen, my report today essentially concerns the performance of the European Central Bank in 2009 - in other words, during a period in which economic, financial and, increasingly, also political actions, were substantially dominated by the economic and financial crisis.
Parliament cannot accept the fact that the SMEs still have such a hard time obtaining the funding.
I for one am certain that this outcome, which seemed unthinkable just a few months ago, would not have been possible without the personal commitment of President Clinton and Mrs Albright.
   . We should welcome the news today over the resolution to the EU/China trade dispute.
Secondly, we apply rigorous conditionality.
The proposal is part of the wide-ranging administrative burden reduction exercise; it would free up and redirect business resources and thus enhance the competitiveness of European economies.
We welcome the initiation of negotiations between the government of the Republic of Moldova and the IMF and World Bank.
Mr President, thank you very much indeed for your Christmas wishes.
The vote will take place today at 12 noon.
In this respect, we also should not, and must not, forget those people who have, until now, not had access to the internet.
Since the agenda is extremely full, the only way to include this point without having to remove something else would be to cut short Question Time.
Mr van Velzen's report is too far from economic reality.
They are, above all, symbolic of the logorrhoea that the European institutions are capable of showing on the subject of growth and employment in order to disguise their share of responsibility for the disastrous social and economic situation in Europe.
For that reason, it is not fortuitous that all the members of the Culture Committee took the view that we had to reject the Council’s reduction in funds for cultural policy, for there can be no credible cultural policy in a Europe of 25 Member States if the funds for it are cut in 2005, the first year in which there is a single Budget for all of them.
It meets the need for common energy and foreign policies.
The United States of America might have been expected to take on the task over the last few months, but it has proved quite incapable of doing so.
I come from a part of the Community where we have an ancient and very rich living language but it is at some risk.
They are meeting later this month in relation to this issue.
What would not, by contrast, be consistent and cohesive would be for a funding mechanism strictly based on Community funding to slip in through the back door; it would not be consistent with the remainder of the proposal and would therefore bring about an enormous dysfunction with the concept and rationale behind the reform which Parliament is proposing.
The Commission will be ready to continue discussions with Parliament related to the shape of future cohesion policy in the forthcoming months.
Under the latter, up-to-date means of enforcement have been developed, such as the Clean Development Mechanism made up of two flexible mechanisms, and the scientific expertise of the IPCC has also been developed.
To come back to the amendments in more detail, I would like to say to you that I particularly welcome the amendments that enhance the importance of the new priorities given to MEDIA 2007 compared with the previous MEDIA programme.
That this is a company strategy - and, of course, it is not the only company to do this - was confirmed to me by the ground staff at the airport and by many consumer associations.
Closure of sitting
When I see that we alone in the European Parliament are planning an increase of 0.07% in comparison with the year 2000, then this rigour is guaranteed and we can show our face.
That, unfortunately, was not enough to make us give him our votes, but I thank him warmly for his cooperation, which is always excellent and constructive.
It is the duty of our leaders to bring these realistic and achievable objectives to fruition as quickly as possible.
Parliament should not raise hopes that the EU will not want to fulfil.
We have nation states with their own policies and we discuss policies.
I have to disagree with Mr Ribeiro about the length it has taken for us to get here.
At the same time, however, security is also a basic requirement for prosperity and growth and, as such, indispensable for achieving the economic policy goals of the Lisbon Agenda.
Such action is particularly topical in view of monetary integration; with the euro, Europe has a great opportunity before it.
Day-to-day practice – and I include my own country in this – indicates that there are still plenty of loopholes, that definitions are unclear, that prohibitions are sometimes ignored, and that commercial considerations all too often take precedence over respect for human rights.
Her figures are out of date.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, once again this summer a large number of huge forest fires hit various southern European countries including Portugal.
The other side of the problem is too few fish.
In so doing, you are severely hampering Copenhagen's chances of success.
I can therefore only accept Amendments 1 and 5, which correspond to the provisions of the plan, such as the request to specify the status of the eastern cod stock in the first recital.
Mr President, Mr Dupuis, I believe that there is one thing in particular that you can say about Bosnia-Herzegovina, and this is that if the international community had wanted to break its promises there, as you suggest, then it would certainly not have sent multinational troops, and would not have such a heavy commitment there to this day.
We are adamant in wanting democracy of this kind.
We are convinced that, for the first time, as Commissioner Vitorino pointed out, the G8 witnessed a focused debate on practical issues between the leaders of the world' s most industrialised countries and the leaders of the African countries, in which they discussed practical issues and also launched a project for cooperation on the proposal for African union, presented by the industrialised countries with the aim of setting up a partnership with these countries.
This must include, as a minimum, an automatic Parliamentary right to subject any WTO deal to assent and much greater access to the negotiating briefs discussed within the Council.
I can easily imagine what disasters could result from a so-called ‘surgical strike’ of this kind today.
Finally, I would like to wish you all a happy Christmas.
The government is widely accused of restoring authoritarian rule under the guise of democracy, with mafia-type control of business activities and a deteriorating economy.
Despite this, I took part in it, taking the view that irreconcilable positions would block a positive outcome, and that it is also not a good idea for the Finnish compromise to be withdrawn.
(DA) Mr President, I am the European consumer and I want to know what I am putting in my mouth.
The compilation of a scientific ranking of gender equity in the labour market would be an effective measure for the reduction of inequality, but one must also find the facts on one’s own.
Mr President, as early as in 1993 - at the very outset of the internal market - we, together with Parliament, asked the Commission to submit a proposal to regulate late payments.
Even though the provision of health care and care in general currently remains essentially the competence of the Member States, we realise that a similar trend with significant and complex implications cannot be dealt with effectively and thoroughly at national level alone.
The Commission welcomes the agreement that was achieved on defence at the Intergovernmental Conference, including the content of the protocol that was discussed following the conclave in Naples.
Structural aid is targeted at forward-looking development models and economic sectors which have the potential to create new employment opportunities.
These measures were kept under constant review and renewed or amended as appropriate on an annual basis.
The directive, which was adopted last year, lays down fair and detailed rules for access to Member States’ gas transmission networks by third parties, taking account of the individual nature of national and regional markets.
5.
Mr President, I have already spoken twice about Iraq in this Chamber.
In the form put before us today, the proposal for a directive on services, which forms part of the economic reform process launched by the Lisbon European Council with the aim of making Europe the most competitive and dynamic knowledge economy in the world by 2010, represents a major political step forward for the European Union.
I hope that in future the children of Uganda will be able to live peacefully and that people like Innocent will have their human rights respected.
We therefore still need the FIFG aid for the renewal and modernisation of our fleet, which is a crucial aspect if we are still to have fishermen and a competitive fleet.
If it is not clear, how can we be expected to aid and abet contradictory procedures, which resolve a few temporary problems (intellectual property rights, movement, education), but which also expose the fact that these problems were caused by the intervention of big business in each country's culture?
We welcome the progress that has already been made, but it is still not enough.
That would have been a saving overall.
This work, therefore, requires the Commission to work closely with Member State authorities to try to find correct and quick solutions.
I hope that the migration takes place in the most effective way possible, that this change does not in any way damage Europe's security, and that it has a satisfactory outcome.
If we want new directives, we will really have to make choices and establish priorities.
Stereotypes are difficult to change, yet we have to recognise that the effectiveness of our laws stand or fall on whether we succeed in doing so.
Requests for oral amendments are also governed by different rules, not rules at the disposal of the president of the sitting, but rules already formally included in our Rules of Procedure.
We will only be able to walk with our heads held high when our vision of a moral order becomes reality.
If we are still awaiting studies of the possible effects of harmful substances, then in the meantime, genetically modified cotton should at least be stated on the label.
Mr Vande Lanotte, you are visiting our House and attending the sitting. You said you have come to listen, rather than make any comments, and I can understand that.
The original proposal from the Commission could have devastated Europe's small-business stock markets such as Aim markets.
We therefore think that the excellent measures that have only just been launched under the Community initiative should be retained in the new Community initiatives in the future.
Once again national parliaments are being forgotten and they will have, as we know, to ratify the revision of the Treaty.
I firmly believe that everything must be done on top of this to avert the consequences of the disaster and rebuild living conditions.
I have said simply two things: that we cannot agree a new financial perspective that does not at least set out a process that leads to a more rational budget …
International agreements are the way forward and we should continue to build on the agreement which was reached in Montreal.
All that is missing is the courage to put into practice more ambitious and effective policies.
We need to fight and make a commitment in the context of Doha in order to attain liberalisation of services, which often means taking on veritable national oligarchies that stifle development of local economies.
The second point I should like to deal with is the question of the ad hoc procedure.
Any individual improvements made by the European Parliament report do not change the essence, the direction or the rationale of the Visa Code, which is yet another tool for the control and harsher repression of immigrants within the framework of the overall anti-immigration policy of the EU, as expressed in the Pact on Immigration.
We should remind ourselves that the Union - at least the Union and what preceded it - is less than half a century old. Not only is it evolving in size but it is also evolving in its institutions and in its institutional capacity.
The e-mail addresses of NTT DoCoMo mobile phones are based on the phones' telephone numbers.
The Commission will ensure that the parts of the research draft selected for the CFR - and possibly modified - are coherent with each other and with the future framework directive.
As far as this problem is concerned, I would like to remind you that the Commission wanted to resolve this question a year ago, but was not supported by the Member States.
Secondly, Europe really can change things and make a contribution.
In our view, it is not right to reward Egypt for its misconduct under these circumstances, and we have therefore voted against the proposal.
It is not a good beginning for the improved foreign policy of the EU following ratification of the Lisbon Treaty.
We must, together, do everything in our power to prevent this from happening.
We see three long-term objectives in our relations with Russia: we want to see a functioning democracy and market economy in which Russia lives up to the international commitments it has undertaken; we want to see a broad and strategic EU-Russia relationship based on interdependence - Russia needs the European Union and the European Union also needs Russia - and we want to enhance our cooperation with Russia on international issues.
An independent parliamentary audit office needs to be set up as soon as possible whose task is to ensure the effectiveness of public spending by Parliament.
It needs to be understood that penalties will be enforced regardless of the geographical area of the European Union concerned.
Since we will be very pressed for time in the topical and urgent debate, in view of the many matters to be addressed in an hour and a half, I simply wanted to ask whether the sessional services might not check to see whether we could have an extra half an hour for the topical and urgent debate so that there is sufficient speaking time.
People are also making a lot of demands of us and subjecting us to pressure, and there are expectations that the EU will operate properly and deliver.
Mr President, we are talking this evening about the right of asylum, and there is a question I would like to ask: is asylum, today, still really a right at all?
It also highlights the need to provide stable employment, quality training and fair social protection to staff working in childcare.
We must ensure that our arrangements for financial supervision are adapted to the needs of a more integrated EU financial sector. This is vital for financial stability and for the competitiveness of our industry.
There is a clear need to better coordinate the action of the Union, as such, with that of the Member States.
And we are conscious that if the European democratic institutions and this Parliament operated differently it would probably be possible to table a motion of censure or reprimand on the Agriculture Commissioner.
I also voted for the report because it sets out a series of immediate measures that are needed to guarantee women a decent life, and it is clear that long-term political, social and legal measures are required to eliminate gender-based violence.
For precisely that condition will help break the present deadlock in the Middle East.
What point have we reached in preparing the European map of ports of refuge?
Point 5 (h).
The extreme diversity of situations in Europe means that no single policy can be drawn up.
I tend to start the monthly part-session in Strasbourg in good cheer and in good physical condition, but practically every part-session I end up catching a hefty cold.
Everyday life will soon catch up with us, and, necessary though great speeches are, it is not by them that Europe is maintained.
Mr President, after Prime Minister Simitis' exhaustive reply, I wish only to add a brief comment and response in order not to prolong your suffering.
What is needed is not free trade and arms for the security forces but real steps to prevent poverty and an improvement in the legal situation of the majority of the population.
We must cooperate internationally, and this should include UN initiatives.
The island regions saw all the possibilities of special, specific treatment being categorically and methodically rejected.
The perverse result of this measure, if it were adopted, would obviously be that the Member States would be encouraged to retain classified documents rather than passing them on to Community bodies, and this is why my group cannot support this proposal.
I ask you: when will we have it?
When the current recovery plan was adopted in 2007, I tabled an amendment, which was adopted by the House and incorporated by the Commission in its final text, obliging the Member States to submit fishing plans showing that their fleet capacity was adapted to the quota allocated to it.
Mutual trust involves keeping the doors between our countries open and this will be beneficial and lead to cooperation and, above all, to more pleasant relations between our countries.
Secondly, what President Barroso, the Canadian Prime Minister and even Angela Merkel are currently saying is that it is not good enough.
In my country, the equation is a simple one: since we live under a system of redistribution for the payment of statutory pensions, whereby each generation of working people pays for the pensions of the generation that has gone before it, that means, in very practical terms, that fewer working people will have to fund the retirement and health care of a greater number of pensioners, who will be living longer and longer.
I thank the Member for her supplementary question.
However, the problem is that not all of the money even reached the SMEs.
We will then, however, have to answer our children’s questions, as our parents and grandparents had to answer our own, and I will be able to tell them that I did indeed prevent freedom being sacrificed to security, that I did indeed help to keep this great society open, tolerant and free, a society that would never tolerate intolerance, that I did indeed offer those persecuted in foreign lands the opportunity to seek safety in this Europe of ours, and gave that same opportunity to those who wanted to live and work here.
Parliament' s report improves the Commission proposal by broadening the scope of the simplified scheme to include farmers who get up to 1500 euro per year and also increasing aid by 20%.
We live in our various countries and we hear criticisms of the EU's development policy.
As recent events in the French suburbs have shown, even the Union’s most industrialised countries have serious social imbalances, which leave whole swathes of the population feeling marginalised.
These resolutions also amend the annexes to Regulation (EC) No 883/2004 that were left empty when the basic Regulation was adopted.
And, of course, an isolated incident of behaviour such as that described in the definition may constitute an affront to dignity at work, but an individual and isolated incident would not be considered harassment.
This is not about intervention, it is not about interfering in national cultural policy, no new wave of harmonisation is being started; on the contrary, it is about bringing sermonising politicians down to earth and saying, could you please stop using subsidiarity as a veto.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (ES) Mr President, this House has spoken out in favour of an international treaty on the transfer of weapons on many previous occasions.
(SK) The purpose of my presentation is to warn European consumers who wear Chinese textile products.
   . Mr President, I am reminded of an occasion when a senior politician in Ireland was described in very uncomplimentary terms because he was up and down so frequently making contributions.
In addition, the pension systems in the various individual Member States vary considerably, in terms of size, reliability and supervision.
Mr President, this is a small but significant measure to extend the duties of Member States to carry out strategic environmental assessments on the planning framework as well as on the actual plans where the implementation would or could have a significant impact on the environment.
Democracy dictates that the lives of millions of people should not be subjected to the dictates of a handful of industrial magnates. These layoffs must therefore be banned.
There has been no progress in 5 months, and it's unlikely we'll see any soon, if ever.
At a time when the EU is demanding more and more visa controls from third country nationals, it seems a bit ironic that we then ask other countries to drop their visa requirements.
This is indeed proof that, by having a blinkered view of the Stability and Growth Pact and a view of euro area governance that is focused solely on public debt, one fails to see the bigger picture, which would make it possible to anticipate the next crisis and to prevent it.
Mr President, I, too, welcome the rapporteur's proposals and certainly we are living in a much smaller world than ever before.
I am also firmly convinced that we in Europe need a discussion about the social market economy, about the regulatory framework.
This is a serious political incident; never before has the right to freedom of movement been violated for purely political reasons.
In addition, urban transport and urban mobility are very much part of urban development.
That is why the NGO forum organised prior to the Intergovernmental Conference was particularly important for the European Union.
Mr President, nobody needs to tell the Commissioner that we in this Parliament listen as closely to him as he listens to us.
Let me remind you that, in the case of Uzbekistan, this Parliament was pressurised into ratifying a similar agreement in 1999 and, since then, the human rights situation has deteriorated further.
I have a problem with this wording.
I must explain that we were not invited to participate in this so-called compromise which, for many of us, contains proposals which we are unable to agree with.
As rapporteur, Mrs Gebhardt has steered the ship of the Services Directive skilfully through many stormy waters.
The industry itself concedes an overcapacity of 20%.
On the external aspects of the principles of good governance in tax matters, all actions mentioned in the communication should be promoted, with special attention to those related to developing countries.
Expel him from the Chamber immediately!
The two arms of the budgetary authority have therefore gained a clear picture of the deficiencies and positive developments with regard to the existing multiannual programmes.
4.
Mr President, when I was still a young boy, my country was invaded by the Soviets.
Now, the public funds that were not available for social policy, for combating poverty and social exclusion, and for preventing millions of people, including children, from dying of hunger and lack of basic health care, now, I repeat, public funds are being used to avoid bankruptcies and greater losses among financial groups.
So when I read the summit conclusions which state that Europe has set itself the goal of promoting a dynamic knowledge-based economy 'capable of sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs' , I say, 'Go on then, I dare you.'
Now, we believe that there would be an urgent need to establish regulatory and operational conditions preventing undesirable elements, who could undermine the security of Member States, from slipping into the EU unnoticed via Bulgaria and Romania, but our assessment is that those conditions do not exist today.
On 16 July 1996, in view of the information that he had in his possession, Mr de Villiers threatened to table a motion of censure if a committee of inquiry was not set up.
Project management skills borrowed from the world of business can be excellent tools for realising new forms of governance to drive forward the particular development of the European system.
There is no shifting Parliament on the issue of democracy.
This is an issue which must also be addressed.
Any victim of a reprehensible act who receives protection in a Member State of the European Union should be able to enjoy the same protection when he or she travels to another Member State.
The Council should draw conclusions; the subsequent presidencies should draw conclusions; the European Commission should draw conclusions; and so should we.
The increased cost to the United Kingdom alone is deemed to be £40-£50 per inspection of each factory.
Before we vote on that, it is possible for someone to speak in favour of it and someone to speak against it.
It is a proposal which will enable our Member States to be much more flexible in their application of the set-aside rules.
If necessary, more money - and I want to emphasise this point - can be made available for humanitarian purposes.
Instead of reducing taxes, money is spent on all sorts of training programmes with dubious results.
So there is a problem here.
Report (A5-0122/2001) by Mr Aparicio Sánchez, on behalf of the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport, on the report from the Commission to the Council, the European Parliament and the Economic and Social Committee on the implementation of Council Regulation (EEC) No 3911/92 on the export of cultural goods and Council Directive 93/7/EEC on the return of cultural objects unlawfully removed from the territory of a Member State [COM(2000) 325 - C5-0509/2000 - 2000/2246(COS)]
It is very important that we have new structures, especially in the field of foreign and security policy, and I agree with those people who have stressed the importance of good common foreign and security policy, but it is not enough just to have good structures in place.
I welcome the Commission's commitment to do everything possible to accelerate the process for Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Albania, and I hope both countries will introduce visa-free regimes once they meet the criteria - as soon as possible, possibly in summer next year.
If it does, then where are the vaccines for everyone else?
It is therefore not very likely that a slight increase in European customs duties will affect the general level of exports of cut flowers from Colombia.
The debate is closed.
Four: reorientation of the aid under the European Fisheries Fund.
Mr Sharon is interested in pacification, humiliation, the capitulation of the Palestinians, but not in a genuine, fair peace.
It should also be pointed out that Finland joined the Schengen Agreement rather passively, in fact without any extensive public debate, and as far as I know even the Finnish parliament has had its doubts as to whether Finland even needs an arrangement like the present Schengen Agreement.
We have further enhanced the role of the European Parliament and strengthened, as a result, the democratic scrutiny of the Union.
The prevention of pollution-related diseases through better understanding of how the pollutants cause or aggravate them is one of the objectives of the proposed programme.
Specifically, does the Council have any type of mechanism for informing the Turkish Government of these cases, in order to prevent any repetition of these incidents, and in order to demonstrate to them in a practical way what the democratic functioning of the European institutions consists of?
This chancellor, who has lied to and deceived his own people, is trying to make good the mistakes of his election campaign.
The report proposes tightening the limits which will apply as from 2000 and changing the reference fuel used in the test.
Secondly, the regime does not enjoy internal peace in order to concentrate exclusively on promoting a more assertive foreign policy.
And while this is the case, we will have to seek new measures, additional measures to reduce the number of fatalities and injuries, where the ideal figure is zero.
Another Spring Summit will soon be upon us, yet, from what we see in the Commission’s report, the economic recipe will be ‘more of the same’.
Libya has asked for help in controlling its southern border: its 2 000-km desert border is practically uncontrollable, and one of the requests that we have received is: ‘help us to control this border better, and we can help you to control people before they set off and, above all, to eradicate people trafficking,’ which unfortunately often takes place across the Mediterranean.
Let us not forget that 80% of the fraud takes place within Member States.
We are talking here about currency problems, stock market collapses and financial crises. Those are the subjects of these oral questions and motions for resolutions.
At the same time, it also represents a quantum leap in qualitative terms, and a logical and vital step in the development of the Union, in the wake of the establishment of the internal market, the introduction of the single currency and the launching of a common foreign and security policy.
Nationalisation of the private pension system through open extortion, just as in Bolivia.
It is clear that any proposals to add to the actions foreseen will have budgetary implications.
In the USA it is usual to provide venture capital, but unfortunately not in Europe.
Article 19 of the Treaty on European Union says one very simple thing, namely that all the governments represented within the Security Council must uphold the position defined by the European Union.
He is quite right, and it is clear that there is no Community legislation which lays down detailed rules on the protection of workers' representatives against dismissal.
Why is no one in this House or in the European Council talking about the external value of the euro?
There is a serious risk of contagion via private equity.
It is no longer just an economic issue; it has taken on an ethical dimension.
So to that extent the allegation that the Americans would regularly misuse data passed to them is quite simply mistaken.
The result of that accession, especially of states from Central and Eastern Europe, was a hitherto unseen scale of inter-Union migration.
The measures that were recently adopted in Italy, where on 21 May a 'state of emergency in relation to the nomad settlements in the regions of Campania, Lazio and Lombardy' was declared for a one-year period, are an example of these dangerous and unacceptable measures that promote discrimination, segregation and the 'criminalisation' of citizens and populations, violating their rights, freedoms and guarantees - their most basic human rights.
As there is no international definition of gender-based violence, the data is quite disparate, and does not give an indication of the real scale of the problem.
According to the International Federation of Journalists, four journalists were killed in Russia last year alone and, since 1 January 2002, thirteen have been killed.
(For the outcome and other details of the vote: see Minutes)
That is why the Green Paper described the review of the traditional regulatory system in terms of its relevance to the future as the most important challenge.
Kellett-Bowman report (A4-0380/98)
I hope they will find the compromise of allowing them access at an earlier age if they have sufficient experience acceptable, as that keeps safety at the top of our concerns.
Thirdly, such a policy offers the prospect of membership to countries which are trying to achieve it.
I should like to say to Mr Herman - whom I cannot see here either - that the Commission does not believe that the American plan for the steel industry is its last word on the policy it is going to adopt in order to address pressures facing the steel trade. Instead, we believe it is the beginning of a negotiating process with Congress and the steel industry that could lead to specific measures within a few months.
What I learn from the Court of Auditors' reports after being here for six years is that we often make mistakes and that we should try to remind colleagues back in the Member States what they have to do.
Now the technical work is being done.
I can only partly subscribe to the shift towards integration in the world trade system instead of a change of that system to benefit the poorest.
Mass culture will be promoted. This is, in the long run, fatal for the cultural education of citizens.
I refer in particular to the visits that we made to the six countries affected by natural disasters and the public hearing that took place in Brussels.
He was due to visit the European Parliament today and give us an eye witness account of the situation in Chechnya, but he was not allowed to leave Russia.
The question will then arise, Mr Schnellhardt, as to the legal basis we have to adopt and the form of parliamentary involvement.
This is a problem for us, as there is little we can do.
(SK) I would like to thank Mr Harangozó for his excellent report, which deals with issues that have not been very prominent to date yet represent a dormant source of what are clearly rather significant problems.
Otherwise, the creation of added value, and with it long-term economic recovery, will be almost impossible.
The essential principles and proper decision-making procedures related to the management of this fund are defined in the multiannual technical guidelines for the research programme of the Research Fund for Coal and Steel.
We fully support the work of the EU's representative, Ambassador Wolfgang Ischinger, and we will leave no stone unturned in seeking a negotiated solution.
We are going to have a discussion on the budget review.
In France sludge has been mixed with animal feed, which has also contained human waste, because of its urea content.
In this regard, the rapporteur wished to remind the Council and the Commission of the recommendation in the report by Mr Barnier, according to which only preventive organisation and a pooling of existing resources can bring about the emergence of a European civil protection force.
Since 1980 one and a half billion people in 15 countries, that is a quarter of the world's population, have enjoyed a spectacular economic growth.
I have started off very dangerously, as with only one minute's speaking time, you can only afford such a long introduction if you can refer to what someone else has already said. In this case I am pleased to say that I fully agree with all Mrs Randzio-Plath's requests and would simply like to support them, in particular her call for the Commission to launch a real initiative and, as far as possible, to ensure transparency.
But the use of these drugs is on the increase.
Madam President, I reluctantly supported this, though I would have preferred not to have voted for it.
Nor does it require employees to work 60 or 65 hours a week, including overtime.
We must show courage in order to offer the citizens an area of security which is also an area that defends freedom.
They are also particularly vulnerable, as all the statistics show, as they have a proportionally much higher involvement in accidents than other road users.
I voted in favour of this document because I am convinced that in the negotiations on the reform of Basel II, the EU must strive to obtain equal terms with the United States on accounting standards, parity of requirements between commercial banks and investment banks, an unambiguous definition of liquidity and greater transparency with regard to the role of rating agencies.
I am of the opinion that if we adopt an ambitious strategy for which there are genuinely good grounds, then we must also stick with it and not give up ahead of time.
Examples of these are when a company is being wound up, when its managers have been involved in proven misconduct, or when tax or social security obligations have not been fulfilled.
We must, then deal with this issue at the negotiating table.
European citizens do not believe today that the Shanghai agreement was the most correct framework; or they probably believe that it was very late coming.
In the fight against climate change, the European Union and this House are unchallenged leaders.
The purpose of the first amendment is to add Article 13(s) as a legal base.
That may give you some cause for concern.
However, allow me to address in detail the amendments, which have been proposed.
Cinema and television production
One year later, in 2005, the complainant again had to turn to the Ombudsman to the effect that the Commission was ignoring the Ombudsman's earlier findings.
We do not have an unlimited capacity to repair damage and prevention requires political courage and coherent regional development.
In short, young people are smoking more and more, and currently no anti-smoking policy is capable of curbing this infernal trend.
The Commission also agrees that traceability is an issue for further improvements.
It is, therefore, completely new, and I will show it to you right away.
We can accept an exchange, that is to say, a reciprocal transfer, of targeted data on request from a judicial authority in a specific context.
I am proposing that the Council and Commission' s proposal for a regulatory committee be endorsed.
Strong economic cooperation between the Member States will help us to ensure that we do not leave behind debts for our children, but instead a euro area in which the countries cooperate with one another rather than being dragged down by competition.
As the European Parliament already expressed by a large majority last October, the renewal of the Lomé Agreement assumes a fundamental importance, both from the symbolic point of view and in its concrete aspects: symbolically, because, depending on what decisions are taken, it will be possible to judge whether the commitment of the Union towards our partners in the poorest parts of the world, will either be confirmed or will be reduced or actually cancelled; concretely, because it is also from how the objectives and rules of European development cooperation will be redefined, and especially its most important instrument, which will depend a great deal on the possibility for the Union to influence the world situation positively.
The debate is closed.
If we look at the press we can see that 90% - or even more - of the material being printed focuses on falling infection rates, but very little is said of cures or how citizens should act.
The report should be supported so that the Commission can start creating a new section in the Financial Regulation devoted solely to the funding of European parties and foundations.
Madam President, the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, approved 50 years ago, stated amongst other things that disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind.
However, as everyone knows, European Union aid, like aid from individual states, even the wealthiest ones, and aid from international institutions, is only a drop in the ocean of poverty under which these countries are submerged.
I would also like to stress the importance of international cooperation.
The European Union has for years lacked leadership and ambition.
A considerable amount of international aid has poured into the country, yet within its borders distinctions have been made, anti-separatist measures going hand in hand with disaster-relief efforts.
   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we are faced here with some extremely sensitive issues.
This concerns us deeply and that is why we requested this debate today.
Concrete action is expected of the Finnish Presidency in energy policy, environmental policy, and, in particular, cooperation in the Baltic region in all its respects.
The debate on this in plenary could not have come up at a more opportune time, given the unprecedented economic and financial understanding reached last week by European leaders.
This exemption shall apply to micro-enterprises which sell foodstuffs and not to supermarkets or franchised supermarket chains.
At the same time, amendments proposed by our Group, which would have made the report more comprehensive, remained unapproved.
   . Mr President, as he is still here, let me commend Mr Brok for his important report.
I urge Pyongyang to allow inspection of all types of detention facilities by independent international experts, and to allow UN Special Reporters to visit the country.
The Commission regards the revised report as concise, to the point and constructive.
In addition, there is a clear need to have a common understanding, within the Community, of the costs of environmental damage to be borne by the polluter.
Thank you for your attention.
I hope that South Africa will shortly be able to respond to this improved offer and that every effort will now be made to conclude the negotiations as near as possible to the target date of mid-1998 or at latest by the end of the year.
European polices to prevent and deal with forest fires are needed, as is financial support from the European Union for the countries, such as Greece, that face the worst repercussions this year.
Mr President, Commissioner, Mrs Flemming, ladies and gentlemen, the senior citizens' card really should also be a symbol of the tremendous purchasing power enjoyed by senior citizens in Europe.
The promotion of employment, innovation, research and development, the facilitation of goals related to energy strategy and of social inclusion, in particular through the reduction of poverty.
Even before the Palestinian elections, I had called for Parliament’s agenda to include the issue of the European diplomats’ harsh but accurate report on Jerusalem, which the Council kept secret so as not to affect its relations with the Israeli authorities.
It should be pointed out that the previous proposal clearly showed how difficult it is having detailed rules that are to apply under quite different conditions.
Or is it perhaps the case that the Financial Perspective could be extended, allowing Amendment No 1 to be implemented without adversely affecting the other candidate countries?
We need stronger, not weaker, Cohesion policy.
That should happen in order to ensure that there really is a uniform approach and so as to have uniform structures.
Thank goodness we say 'prices' and not 'tariffs' nowadays.
Secondly, in a public statement yesterday, the Turkish Minister of Agriculture declared that ‘there is no reason for concern’.
That is all, Mr President.
The CAP suits the best agricultural regions in the EU.
It is also important to build confidence in products by taking action to step up the fight against counterfeit goods, which should be regarded as common theft of a brand or a trademark.
As an example, I will refer to a principle which guided the European Community from its inception - defence of what is known as parallel trade, or trade in legal products outside official channels of distribution, for example, the sale in Germany of Grundig televisions which have been purchased legally in France.
No democrat or Socialist can approve of that, because it is a gross violation of the most fundamental of all human rights, namely the right to life.
This will only be the case if the working conditions are met and if our businesses can invest and recruit under comparable fiscal conditions.
First of all, does the Council intend to push for the creation of an international commission of inquiry on the events of 28 September?
In every democratic state the world over, this political order, which secures for the people freedom and co-determination, is founded upon political parties and guaranteed by them.
Only to a lesser extentdoes this system deal with the rehabilitation and social reintegration of the defendants and, more generally, with a crime prevention policy.
I must say, ladies and gentlemen, that whenever we discuss fisheries - indeed, we have become a 'friends of fisheries' group, always more or less the same people - it is my impression that some of you think, or at least your words imply, that the fisheries sector once experienced a glorious and splendid heyday.
That is why I would like to put a very precise question to the Commissioner: can you guarantee that no European taxpayers could find themselves paying, through their taxes, for research that would be subject to legal penalties if it were being carried out in their own Member State?
These do not yet exist in the Netherlands, but I hope that the newly-elected Lower House in the Netherlands will soon introduce such a joint committee, so that the twilight zone of institutional cooperation can be better controlled, by the national parliaments as well as by the European Parliament.
At the same time, we should avoid portraying women only as victims and make an effort to recognise the tremendous contribution they make in terms of caring for people living with HIV/AIDS or for children left behind.
I appeal to colleagues to support the amendments of the Environment Committee.
All that remains to be seen is what the government's response will be to the Commission's move.
We are less convinced on having a new formal, specific annual report, in particular since the recently established Fundamental Rights Agency will, as perhaps its most important task, adopt such an annual report on fundamental rights issues within the EU.
Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Herman for working at such speed and trying to guide us through the revolution that we are in the middle of.
In the funds for research, development, human rights, the environment, external policy and culture. Precisely those areas that are close to people’s hearts and that are given a visible added value if they are implemented at European level.
That knowledge will always be incomplete.
The Commission needs to think carefully and weigh up the consequences before reacting too hastily to this problem.
This demonstrates a lack of knowledge of the different kinds of distillation and of alcohols produced by them, since potable alcohol, intended exclusively for the production of brandies, ports and liqueurs, is a high-quality product, something that can in no way be achieved by means of alcohol from the distillation of by-products.
As pollution does not stop at borders, we must also urge our neighbouring countries to implement our strict mercury policy.
One part of this is certainly the need to resist the hegemonic aspirations of the United States, but we in Europe must also learn to assume a more prominent role ourselves, at least in our immediate sphere of interest.
- Report: Markov
Thank you, Commissioner.
However, despite repeated requests, Commission officials have so far failed to provide a copy of this document.
With regard to defining the network of navigable routes, I agree with Mrs Peijs on the importance of navigable routes, and we are conducting very important initiatives.
I do not believe that failing to mention the name and surname of the President of the Italian Republic will change a great deal, given that it is the President of the Italian Republic who is the subject of these amendments.
Regarding Amendment No 51
Equally, increased efficiency and speed when dealing with an emergency requires a strong political will on the part of the various parties concerned.
The second finding is that Iran has an inalienable right to develop a nuclear programme for peaceful purposes.
The second, somewhat critical question - and one addressed by Mrs Foster - is that of whether employees really need to be vetted 100%.
In particular, we have highlighted the importance of a fully functioning single market in goods and services, creating a better business environment (especially for SMEs), stimulating innovation and introducing labour market reforms that focus on skills, flexibility and encouragement to create new jobs.
As a result the 2012 draft budget is almost EUR 9 billion below the ceiling of the financial perspective set for 2012.
Secondly, I support the proposal for a risk-based assessment, which is based on science and will prove workable for Member States.
But things have to change for the better and we in the West have a duty to see that such a change happens sooner rather than later.
There is still a long way to go, but we are on the right track.
Finally, I would like to thank everyone for the kind words on the Swedish Presidency.
Let me start by thanking the rapporteur for his report and for the words he has just pronounced.
Men have been held in detention for almost ten years on this part of Cuban territory for the sole purpose of bypassing US legal jurisdiction and in spite of the lack of evidence against some of them.
Be that as it may, the people of those countries must not be made to suffer for the lack of political courage shown by the EU leaders or for the statements made by their own Heads of Government.
We need leadership from our Heads of State and Government telling people what a success enlargement has been and how continued enlargement will be needed, once we have our constitutional arrangements in place.
According to the Rules of Procedure, that is a different option to the committee of inquiry.
One thing is clear, however: this Europe will only be a good Europe if it is a democratic one.
I would like to know whether or not this is true and, if it is true, on what authority you made these statements.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to begin by thanking Mr Grosch, the shadow rapporteur, with whom I worked, along with the technical staff from the Committee on Transport and Tourism and the European Socialists Group, as well as my colleagues in the Commission and the Commission's staff, not to mention yourself, Commissioner, and the Presidency of the European Council which I have enjoyed very close cooperation with.
Having seen that the Commission is concerned about this and having received a very satisfactory response, does the Commission nevertheless intend to implement any measure to lessen the impact of this presumably negative effect before the final date indicated?
Now I realise that the Commission might be sensitive about doing so, in case it brings the wrath of this House down on it.
We need the Council to act more quickly.
Yet there is not the slightest suggestion in the Commission proposal that the problems facing the raw materials producers, i.e. the farmers, have been registered.
That is why we do not want to accept that amendment.
Nothing!
Generally speaking, it is excellent that we are trying today to address an issue that is very important for young people.
You can count on us to support you but you can also count on us, if it is necessary, to keep a close eye on the decisions that are being taken.
I welcome the study and the inquiry into food manufacturing that is being carried out by the European Food Safety Authority as it has now been proven that shoppers are happy to pay more money for food which has related health benefits.
Young people have a different view of Europe.
Let me make one final appeal to my fellow Members before the vote: let us be practical.
Next, it is important to initiate targeted projects for monitoring space and the earth, for telecommunications and multimedia and, especially, for biology too, particularly in the field of genome research.
Vice-President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, the acronyms Frontex and Eurosur remind us of a harsh reality that we have to combat, which is that of thousands of people who continue to arrive in Europe illegally every day, fleeing from poverty and in search of a better future.
The President of Chile promised, in talks with Sir Leon Brittan, that he would correct the government bill to bring it in line with WTO regulations.
What is the purpose of a cut-off date?
Meanwhile, the request in Ms McKenna's report for the Commission to produce an annual report is supported.
You should know that I will have to leave at ten o' clock, as I must attend the swearing in of the Commissioners in Luxembourg which is due to take place at noon.
If you talked to all the heads of SMEs in Europe, they would tell you one thing – that there are not enough hours in the day – and, at this time of night, many of them are still hard at work.
We are fed up with the others exporting liberalism and importing protectionism.
Far more important, however, is Amendment No 1.
   . The Heads of Government have failed.
We try to live in the real world.
These guiding principles respond to the agreement on the strengthening of the coordination of budgetary policies laid down in the Commission's Communication last November.
Europe needs to be decentralized and bottom-up schemes such as Leader 11 and the County Enterprises Board System need to be supported, renewed and expanded.
I believe, therefore, that when you come to this Parliament next month, we would like to hear some clear idea of the direction you will take on two fronts.
Member States can continue to exercise and regulate their health systems, and they can decide for themselves what benefits they want to offer to their citizens, and to what extent.
It takes a great deal of courage for someone to attack the government of Venezuela from this tribune when it is clear that the reasons for the attack lie elsewhere.
Ultimately we only had one argument between Parliament, Commission and Council, and that was the question of how far the demands of the so-called sector directive for both private and public contractors apply.
I believe that questions relating to the coordination of economic policy, questions relating to the major orientations of economic policy, should be discussed by the fifteen Member States.
Surely, as this motion for a resolution indicates, we now need to plan for a transatlantic assembly where you can get the main legislators on both sides of the Atlantic to talk with each other and come to common initiatives together.
He was a sailor and, last night, I dreamed that he and his son, Mr Turchi, the rapporteur, were sailing a yacht across a stormy sea.
We did not do this just by the by; I want to tell you this because of the criticism that we just made a few phone calls.
I myself am not aware of any, and I am sure that this is not happening.
In 1999 we were prepared to follow up the first programme by launching a second, which was to take six years between 2000 and 2006, without giving due time to evaluating the problems I have mentioned.
I made it clear to him that we are building our own system, that we are working towards cooperation, but that we will carry on with development and not let ourselves be led into some kind of technological dependency.
We must ensure that we build a Europe which is in the interests of people, and the reports which have been presented to the House today are a good starting-point for this.
There is a principle involved here, and we must apply it consistently.
This is an important proposal, designed as it is to ensure that all workers are protected in the workplace because, as Mr Álvarez has explained so well, and there is no need for me to repeat what he has said, workers cannot be treated differently depending on how their work is defined.
We were talking a short while ago in this House about debates involving our citizens, about public debates.
This report, like the other, similar reports included in the package, directly refers to the recent financial crisis in Greece and sets the objective of creating a regulatory framework to prevent the repetition of similar crises.
In addition, as far as I am concerned, it makes absolutely no sense, when we are dealing with a technical and legal regulation, to be suggesting that it should be doing the work of country strategy papers in the countries that we work with or the work of the national indicative programmes that we work with.
Now we have to ensure that the programmes get the necessary level of funding.
Mrs Figueiredo, Parliament's request to the Brazilian authorities and to the Commission does not only ask for the respect of legal rules and bilateral agreements, but also aims to affirm the principle that no ideological reason can justify the actions of a murderer and no country may guarantee him impunity.
And I believe we have heard quite enough speeches.
I would repeat that, to my mind, Amendment No 7 represents a good solution to the problem to which Parliament has called attention.
That is what was said - but it was as a Danish Minister that I added this.
And all Members of this House have been made aware by at least the last two budgetary processes just how tight our finances are in the foreign-policy budget.
I would agree that our common responsibility and the primary aim of cooperation between the EU and Africa has to be the elimination of poverty, and that peace is of key significance as a first step towards development.
The vote will take place on Tuesday, 5 April 2011.
I therefore feel that funds which cover biometric risks should receive privileged treatment, and that any inflexibility of the system could, in effect, result in negative imbalances for the beneficiaries.
We are world leaders when it comes to financial services.
What is in question - and the whole confidence issue relates to this - is management.
That corresponds to 86.4 % of the Union's traditional own resources.
In any event, thank you for this helpful report which has been most enlightening.
That is why I applauded Mr Busk.
There were German, French, British, Italian, Luxembourgish and other forces, yet at the time it was only the Americans, not the Europeans, who had the capability to put an end to the bloodshed.
This situation is particularly hazardous.
I therefore appeal to your sense of reality and responsibility in this matter, Commissioner.
Can I just say that I think that this sort of window dressing is what got us where we are.
My own group is still facing the same dilemma on that level.
Together with the high level of bureaucracy, this significantly hampers the influx of investment into the country's economy, including that from the European Union.
I thank you.
That is why it is vital that ID cards should be up-to-date, both visually and technologically speaking.
Nobody can deny that the Hungarian Presidency took a turbulent start.
This 4% is, in turn, made up of two components.
We think it is excellent.
I can assure you that we pay particular attention to the views of the European Parliament.
If Srebrenica happened because there was not enough European spirit, then we should do our utmost to help this country embark on the right path. This means towards the EU.
The three largest economies in the European Union, which account for 75 % of the gross domestic product in the euro area, are behaving as follows: the German economy experienced negative growth in the last quarter of last year; the Italian economy has experienced very slight growth of less than 1.5 % over the past two years; and the French economy is currently reviewing its growth forecasts for this year, although it is experiencing the highest growth rate of these three countries.
Communication of Council common positions: see Minutes
These measures are specifically intended to prevent them from travelling and from using their own personal effects.
I greet you on behalf of the Republic of Costa Rica.
It is crucial to promote close dialogue and cooperation within the framework of the UfM, and to bring forward those major joint projects which it has identified, as well as the bilateral dimension of the association agreements, in order to strengthen the relationship between both shores and to be able to reduce these disparities.
Fleet renewal can also make an effective contribution to reducing the effects on urban air quality, and public contracts could set an example.
By accepting these conclusions, we are making ourselves, Council and Parliament, accessories to a policy which will prove to be extremely serious in the years to come, and which will bring the entire European Union to a halt.
Signatures on paper but also through the Internet.
Hence, with the sole and important exception of the city of Tuzla, the result threatens to allow room only for the extremist nationalist parties.
The report was adopted unanimously by the committee after detailed discussions among the individual Members and the groups.
I hope and expect that, at the end of this process of strengthening the substance and the principles of the European Union, the three Benelux countries – not just Belgium or Luxembourg, but the Netherlands too – will be at the forefront of European development.
We would therefore appreciate it if both institutions could come to an agreement. It should then be able to avoid similar situations in the future, especially when holiday periods intervene.
It does not replicate at temperatures above 25º centigrade and would, if present in fish for human consumption, be inactivated when ingested.
Madam President, the rapporteur, our honourable colleague Mrs Neyts, whom I warmly congratulate from the other side of the barrier on her report which I disagree with, is wrong according to me when she states that the democratic deficit can notably be combatted by granting this institution, the European Parliament, greater powers.
We want a European internal market.
.
Local specialities are of immeasurable value.
I was promised that the matter would be cleared up by this sitting.
It will at some point have to acknowledge that this proposal in its current form cannot enter into force, and even in revised form it will be required to undergo the entire ratification process again.
Deciding by consensus means that the conclusions reached by the Governing Council as a whole on a certain decision, in a certain direction, or to decide not to change anything, are supported by the entire Governing Council, by some more enthusiastically than others, but this does not require a vote.
In the sixth century, when Alexander I, King of Macedonia, came to compete in person at ancient Olympia, two things were asked of him: first, the judges wanted to establish that he was Greek, which they did immediately, and secondly, they called on him to stop certain skirmishes in the north of his country, which term was respected.
It seems extraordinary that this Parliament, which represents the people of Europe, is not addressing this question this week, given the deepening of the crisis since the Commission last spoke.
There must be solidarity in the examination of applications.
The honourable Members must understand that there is a fundamental institutional problem which we cannot avoid when it comes to accepting certain types of amendment.
Can it sharpen its image as a driving force?
The important topics still requiring an open discussion include the treatment of the outermost marginal areas or overseas areas.
You mentioned the four major priorities of greater energy security, more investment in information technology, more education and training and the creation of a form of European economic governance that is to ensure that these priorities can also be implemented.
It does not, however, specify in the directive the principles on which it would wield its additional powers.
Many citizens do not know the rights that exist today.
Moreover, the European consumer would be able to express a preference for European products from European farmers.
The whole world demands this of us, and we ask that the international community act immediately to support us, in order to prevent the region from sliding into an abyss and a new cycle of conflict that will have a negative impact not just on the Middle East, but on the world as a whole at a time when the region is experiencing other tensions too.
I agree with the proposal that we should invest greater resources in research into improved seismic risk monitoring, and funds for that purpose have already been provided in the Seventh Framework Programme for Research.
Many will be staring death in the face if no way is found of ending this hunger strike.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (CS) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank all MEPs for their comments, suggestions and observations.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
A Capital of Culture project is only successful and innovative if culture remains permanently in place in the city concerned.
Secondly, we are also appealing for a common horizontal objective in place of objectives 3 and 4, i.e., in order to simplify planning and administration we want to amalgamate measures for combatting unemployment and measures for a preventive employment policy, in other words to amalgamate measures on behalf of people threatened with unemployment.
The Member States show very little determination to coordinate their policy on development aid with each other and with the Union.
The problem is that of how Europe is to make use of its resources to try to export these noble aims.
It has proved possible, and Parliament has been part of it.
We need some form of European-wide action on this issue.
However, there are still fewer than 200 trained police officers to contribute to clearing up crime. A year ago, we did of course see what happens when agreements and resolutions which have been made are not followed up.
Instead, we think that negotiated agreements between the partners in the labour market are a workmanlike and appropriate way to achieve success in this area.
We Radicals, together with hundreds of other public figures and members of parliament from very many countries, are convinced that there is still time and space for another scenario: the exile of the dictator of Baghdad as the only real way to avert war.
I would therefore be grateful if you could be more diligent with regard to this issue.
I am grateful for the amendments that have been made and also to the rapporteur, Mr Silva Peneda, who has embarked on this debate with a great deal of commitment and energy.
This limit, in conjunction with the ability to trade emissions between Member States, will give countries the opportunity to achieve their goals.
Some important news is that the media have reported that Mr Prodi and Mr Kok are finally acknowledging that the most important objective of the Lisbon agenda of 2000 cannot be achieved.
That is one of the ways in which we can persist in following up the previous discharge decisions, and that is something extremely important to do.
The environmental Commissioner stated when she took over that one of the most important objectives during her term in office was to re-assess these regulations.
I am, therefore, going to speak personally.
Is there any chance, Commissioner, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, that the Iraqi people will help, in the event of military action, to topple the regime?
   Mr President, the ‘Women in White’, who have been awarded the Sakharov Prize, as has been pointed out here this afternoon, have not been able to use the tickets that the European Parliament has made available to them so that they could come to pick up the prize on Wednesday, because they have not been authorised by the Cuban Government, which is a flagrant violation of these people’s rights and ignores, Mr President, the majority will of this Parliament.
The same applies to Georgia and to all other countries.
· while we strongly support a ban on the horrendous exploitation and abuse of children as child soldiers, we cannot support a ban on the recruitment of soldiers aged under 18 in our own countries (paragraph 183);
These were included in the common position.
The US authorities will thus have access to a great deal of private data sent as an urgent measure as a result of a terrorist threat that, while genuine, is still being exploited for imperial purposes.
I can assure you that our report, soon to be presented, will also ask what would happen if aid for tobacco growing were discontinued, so that you too will be able to assess the likely results and consequences of such an option.
This is the way we are, and I think it is a democratic way of handling the diversity of the European Union.
It was also responsible for blowing up a South Korean airliner.
In this connection I would like to refer to the understanding reached between Hamas and Fatah based on the ‘Prisoners’ Document’.
With regard to the speech by Mr MacCormick, I would refer you to Rule 63(4) on the verification of the legal basis.
Like Mr Cohn-Bendit, I am against nuclear weapons, but I cannot understand why Israel is allowed to possess an atom bomb whereas Iran is not.
That is of benefit both to European taxpayers, who obtain better value for money, and to the innumerable companies that are now being given the opportunity to compete for contracts throughout the EU.
That is the real reason why no progress was made with Agenda 2000, except for another postponement of the debate!
I should like to start with Mr Goepel's report.
However, it is not enough for this greater Europe just to expand geographically to the east and the south.
Thirdly, in order to assemble most recent knowledge and experience, the Commission organised a seminar on drinking water in October 2003.
Even at this early stage, it aims to send the Commission what is a positive message for our farmers, pending receipt of the legislative text.
What is crucial is the primary purpose of the audiovisual mass medium in which content for information, education and entertainment purposes is produced and complied subject to editorial responsibility and then broadcast to the general public and transmitted via electronic networks, which means that these are clearly distinguished from the other services of the information society and in particular from those covered by the directive on electronic commerce.
Does the fact that it is joined and supported by other countries make the confiscation less serious in some ways?
You have said that it is not possible to vote again now because the composition of the House may have changed.
At a time when the EU must speak out with one voice in favour of globalisation with a human face, it is painfully obvious that the EU itself lacks integration, a common foreign policy, a strong budget and a services directive capable of boosting the economies of the new Member States.
I hope this attitude towards Turkey will change over time, and I hope this Parliament will show a stronger commitment to the goal of having Turkey in the EU soon.
With regard to this, I should like to stress that these IAs need to be undertaken as early as possible in order to minimise potential negative effects, and to take into account the greatest possible number of institutional, economic and civil stakeholders.
Such a unit is, in fact, already operational although we intend to strengthen it further.
Does it affect the labour market and the social rights of workers in the sector?
The DAPHNE Programme has been an essential instrument for trying to combat this violence, but it has been restricted by its budget.
On economic reform the Hellenic Presidency has made good progress, notably reforming the Stability Pact to target underlying deficits, concluding the energy liberalisation package and adopting the much-needed pensions directive.
In these negotiations, the European Union must be seen as a power in its own right and must be capable of making its voice heard without having unilateral decisions imposed upon it.
The rapporteur thinks that all of this is very important, as food safety will be improved and consumer choice will be increased, and consumers will have more information on what is in the food they eat.
I would be very glad indeed if it proved possible for them to give this common line its final shape by the time the Brussels Council begins.
Secondly, the Presidency is committed to giving the European Parliament an appropriate opportunity to express its views so that they are available to the Council when the Council takes a decision.
This crisis has shaken consumer confidence in food safety, and President Prodi stressed in his first speech here as President of the Commission how important food safety would be in the Commission's work programme.
However, I will be more than happy to react in writing to the question that you have just put.
With regard to Gibraltar, I would like to say to the honourable Member that in the Directive and Regulation adopted, in relation to the requirement on double-hull vessels, the transport of heavy oil, the modernisation of the fleet and other issues, it is stated very clearly: it is applicable in all ports, quays or anchorage areas in the European Union.
We also want to see a sustainable energy policy, greater energy efficiency and the establishment of academic and student networks.
Mr President, the decision is made.
That means that in our contacts with them - and you will also find the request to do something about it in the accession partnerships - we will continue to advocate an improvement of that situation and make our programmes available to come closer to that end.
It is important to manage this, and the European Parliament resolution passed today helps in this respect.
I view the report as one more example of how little real analysis has been done on the actual foundation for this hazardous monetary venture.
I would ask you to keep the pressure up when it comes to those issues that are important to us, such as marine safety.
Something must be done on an ambitious scale.
We must avoid those errors that are currently looming in relation to petitions at all costs.
But in that way we tend to reveal rather than resolve the democratic crisis in the EU.
According to statements by the US Government, the USA agreed with the EU temporarily to suspend the procedure to apply trade sanctions 'in order to provide the EU an opportunity to demonstrate meaningful progress on the approval of biotech products.'
Ecofin's report to Florence on what I would characterize as the non-implementation of the 1995 guidelines, following hard on the heels of the non-implementation of the 1994 guidelines, is a ritualistic, bland and passive document in the face of this pathetic factual record.
We are entering a period of threatened recession, if we are not already in recession.
This country has experienced a huge refugee problem. It has had two wars within its borders, many disasters, and now it is afflicted by terrorism.
We do not call into question that they have been established, having led to the necessary and successful effort to diminish deficits, bring down inflation, interest rates, public debt and budget deficit.
It was a roll-call vote, so that is possible.
There are agreements in the Council of Europe about the level of human rights to be guaranteed in Europe at least.
The efficiency and credibility of the Community in the negotiations depends on our doing so.
I would also like to thank the rapporteur and the Commission, which I see has already undertaken to cooperate, for if we are to have training, we all have to agree on what we mean. It must be a serious undertaking, not a formality, and so the structures which our States are to certify as capable of performing training and to accredit with the necessary authorisation must be responsible centres whose professionalism is proven and consolidated.
In Romania, over 65% of citizens said they had no information about this.
As Mrs Langenhagen' s report stresses, we believe - and this is one of its special features compared to the GPS system - that GALILEO must supply a public signal, that is, a robust and precise signal which cannot be interrupted as a result of military issues, as happens in the case of GPS, and sensitive applications, whether they be public - customs, judicial investigation and so on - or private - such as banking transmissions.
This applies notably to the unstable southern provinces, where the bulk of opium is produced.
There were problems, however.
But on this point, we are discussing matters concerned with the decision making process, and I am referring to questions of unanimity versus majority votes.
I declare the order of business for the week adopted.
The third thing we can learn is that the European Union must be armed.
Until now, we have been excluded from the majority of this legislation.
A good illustration of this is that it is now three years since the Justice Ministers declared that it was important to appoint national rapporteurs to monitor trafficking in women.
The agency can be none of those things.
There are, however, a number of other provisions that are to be avoided.
So, Mr President, permission for a certain Community fleet to fish with 60 mm nets simply promotes the capture of a species, hake fry, which is basic to the survival and future of marine fauna in the Adriatic, and creates a serious threat to other Mediterranean species.
We remember that barely 106 years ago the Wright brothers made the world's first powered, controlled flight (although it was for barely 40 metres) in an aircraft. It was the beginning of true aviation.
As regards the use to which it is put, I believe that aid only compensates so-called unpaid costs in connection with the development and use of transport infrastructures.
It is a missed opportunity.
We have rules for chemicals in agriculture and for chemicals in the workplace. But there is no sense in regulating these areas - which are relatively easy to police - in isolation, when chemicals also produce their effects in leisure activities, in kindergartens and in other situations which are not covered by any rules.
To this end, the Commission must facilitate an open debate aimed at finding the right balance between ethical inflexibility based on the refusal to exploit the human body for commercial ends and the obligation to meet the need for medical treatment.
The activities proposed by the rapporteur - which are already a great advance on what we have at present - would cost the European Union some 350 million ECU per annum, an equivalent to 0.8 % of the CAP budget.
The central role of the European Commission in the process of evaluating the financial situation of Member States augurs well for the future of cooperation, because this protects it from the instability which would threaten it if the intergovernmental approach were chosen.
Firstly, trade is an essential part of the relations between the African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries and the European Union. Secondly, the Cotonou Agreement has brought with it the new Economic Partnership Agreements, which are essentially trade agreements.
Apart from the Commission’s study and other reports, I have also based my findings on my frequent visits to Turkey.
All environmental problems, or at least 80 % of the major problems, are in some way linked to energy.
During the legislative process, we will have to study ways of suitably dealing with this issue.
Last week, the FYROM Parliament passed a resolution on Srebrenica.
Is it so very difficult to understand that what is at stake is not a collection of crazy corporative demands but, more simply and dramatically, the future and the fate of Europe, of our institutions, and of the relationship of trust between us and our fellow citizens – a relationship that has worn very thin but can still be mended and revived?
It is also, unfortunately, evidence that our concerns about the human rights situation, the restrictions on the freedom of the press and the persecution of journalists are more than justified.
Therefore, it is important that growth and the competitiveness of the economic and social system always remain on a human scale.
I also fully support the paragraphs in the motion calling for the Syrian authorities to ensure that detainees are not tortured in prison.
I very much support those who have expressed concern at the EU efforts to expand EUROPOL's powers and competence.
Many countries do not fit the EMU corset.
It was not easy, but nevertheless we succeeded, in UNESCO, in persuading the nations of the world to stand side by side with us in order to preserve that which we all hold most dear.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, if there is one subject on which I think everything possible has been said and said so many times without any adequate action being taken, it is the situation in Burundi.
We should make that quite clear.
As others have said, we should be looking at equal rights for people who make such contributions to our societies.
This Green Paper will give civil society and legal professionals, in both current and future Member States, the opportunity to contribute to the debate, with a view to our presenting a proposal for a framework decision that we believe must be scheduled by the end of this year.
Furthermore, censorship restricts the free movement of services in Europe.
To date, there has been the possibility, albeit limited and on the basis of the correlation of powers, of exercising some autonomous economic policy, since draconian programmes of consolidation have not been imposed by international credit organizations or associations of regional integration. There has also been the possibility of concluding bilateral agreements which, to a certain extent, took account of the mutual interests of the participants.
in writing. - (DA) The Danish Social Democratic Members of the European Parliament, Poul Nyrup Rasmussen, Britta Thomsen, Christel Schaldemose, Dan Jørgensen and Ole Christensen, have abstained from the vote on Mrs van den Burg's report on reduced rates of value added tax.
The entire Yangtze valley and its tributaries have been flooded - a region in which 380 million people live, as many people as live in the European Union.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate how important is the role played by the social partners in the Neighbourhood Instrument.
I hope that at the vote in May, there will be broad support for the fact that our willingness to take a critical view of ourselves is precisely what gives our criticism and demands of the Council and Commission added strength and authority.
In our view, this clause is of great political importance regarding the decision to impose a transitional period for granting workers from the new Member States access to the labour market of the European Union.
However, we must understand their perception as settlement after settlement is built on the West Bank that Israel denies their right to enjoy a viable State.
We need to think about a network of youth clubs across the Community to help keep young people out of trouble and to stop that gap between the time they leave school and their parents come home.
It is worthwhile emphasising this point because we must face the fact that each time we draft a new regulation that makes agricultural production more expensive and reduces its efficiency, such as animal welfare regulations which increase the amount of fodder required to produce 1 kg of meat, we are not only harming the environment by increased CO2 emissions, but every single measure of this sort increases the number of people suffering from hunger.
Mr President, Mr Podestà spoke a moment ago about the enormous surplus in last year's European Union Budget: EUR 15 billion remained unspent.
As the Commissioner responsible for the budget, I have to respect the accepted regulations.
(Parliament adopted the text)
Member States who have previously supported a common market with common rules of play should not complain afterwards about the fact that the Commission safeguards its concrete realization.
This is, undoubtedly, a rather surprising effect of the crisis - arguments which MEPs put forward several years ago were rejected, and spending on housing was accepted only for the new Member States, while today, in the light of new economic and financial conditions, there is consent to the use of funds for housing in a highly specific context.
You very emphatically call for the procedures to be simplified, to allow Member States to draw down funds more quickly and more simply.
We also need to encourage states to provide accurate and official statistics on their use of the death penalty.
It is, however, precisely because of this that we believe this financing should have a regular place in the budget, and should not be provided by calling on the flexibility reserve.
The Walloon case to which Mrs Ries referred involved a site identified by Belgium as a bathing site.
It did not, however.
An attack upon the United States, an attack in Germany, an attack in Denmark, an attack in Madrid, an attack in the United Kingdom, or attempted attacks, are attacks upon every single one of us because we have common values.
You will recall this is one of a series of resolutions, the first of which was in 1981.
Therefore you have to go down in a lift to the ground floor and cross across the buildings outside or inside and get to another lift and go up there to get from one side of the building to another.
The persistent vagueness concerning the place accorded to human rights in our policies is reprehensible and counterproductive.
There are a number of key issues which I have raised which must be on that agenda.
That is why I wish to thank most warmly the various people I have spoken to within the Directorate-General for Taxation and Customs Union who have always responded to my every request and allowed me to tackle these subjects more easily.
Therefore, our conclusion is that there is a need for better information and better cooperation; this is something that you, Commissioner, are now also proposing.
In mid-June, this House's Committee on Petitions will be sending out an inquiry mission that will be looking into the complaints by Polish citizens who do not want to see the valley destroyed.
I also hope that Turkey will soon meet the European Parliament's demands with regard to democracy and compliance with international law, if the financial aid is to be unfrozen.
Acid rain from the atmosphere, together with sulphur and nitrogen oxides, have destroyed biodiversity in many northern European lakes. This has been the case in Sweden and elsewhere.
Secondly, using these new criteria, we also want to foster fairer competition between airports.
The Agency did the job extremely well and I want to pay tribute again to all those who have been responsible for that.
Additionally, Ireland is proposing a way in which it can escape from its isolation.
All these issues must be taken into consideration.
Finally, I should also like to take this opportunity to thank those with whom I have worked, including the shadow rapporteurs for the various groups whose constructive cooperation I have enjoyed.
I have read the article.
You have completed a very successful first presidency for Finland but you have done it with a capacity that does enormous credit to the tasks which you addressed.
The Council is essentially single-mindedly pursuing one target: control of inflation below 2 %, below 1 % - even below zero % perhaps - forgetting that there might be such a thing as a natural rate of inflation.
Moreover, it has a direct impact on what were civil responses to problems that generate insecurity: organised crime, terrorism, and so on. They had never been matters requiring a military response, but rather a civil one through the international police sphere and the judicial sphere.
By means of Regulation No 1765/92/EEC, the percentage determined for compulsory set-aside was 17.5 %.
Essex has 66, 000 overseas and UK businesses providing 590, 000 jobs.
It is true that there are eight items which are hazardous which are still covered, but the intention is - and that is provided for by Annex V of Regulation 259/93 - that those will be introduced into that category in due course.
We have done this after very careful consideration.
I would like to thank Neena Gill, the rapporteur, for having conveyed this message extremely clearly, much more than other rapporteurs, I must say.
Fourthly, the steel industry also feels that it is very important to have a research fund based on the ECSC model for the period after the ECSC expires, in order to promote the dissemination of technological innovations.
So I would have liked today, to see both the Commission, and also the Council, fully represented.
We need this support in our efforts to strengthen international cooperation on climate change.
Here, procedures must of course be very strict and every care must be taken to ensure that there is no illegal trafficking.
However, the rate of deduction at source must not be so high that it discourages saving or results in relocations outside of Europe.
This communication can be contested legally and also in terms of its content which is contrary to the directive.
For that reason aid measures should focus on the establishment of certified dismantling yards, where the dismantling techniques used comply with Western notions of safety and environmental acceptability.
If this sector were to apply certain measures aimed at the proper management of non-industrial fishing, that would help.
The proposed change will make the systems more effective, both in terms of inputs and in terms of measured and accountable outcomes.
This should further contribute to ensuring transparency and legal certainty.
Today, we see similar intentions behind the legislative endeavours in Kenya.
The Union will be working closely with Russia in many ways to establish the principle of the rule of law.
The financial crisis demonstrates yet again how much we rely on Russia, but also how much Russia relies on the international economy. The fact that the world has changed completely, compared to 30 or 40 years ago, is another reason why returning to cold-war tactics is not an option.
I must therefore warmly thank Parliament and you, Mr President, and I hope that, by the end of the year, I can return with draft texts that will enable us to significantly improve the situation with regard to the right of asylum in Europe.
It is also important that the common fisheries policy should take account of the amendment made in the Treaty of Amsterdam and highlight the potential that flows from their situation. This applies particularly to Portugal, with its outermost regions, the Azores and Madeira, but also to the French and Spanish outermost regions.
The European Parliament, in its work chaired by Vice-President Pacheco Pereira, has been delighted with the courage shown by the Timorese people to the whole world.
The democratic opposition leader Sam Rainsy has now gone into hiding, accused of plotting to bring down the government.
This region is not only the world's largest transit point for the trade in gas and oil.
A new world order is coming into being – not in ten years’ time, but now!
The Commission is right now evaluating whether the twin-track approach agreed in 2008 should be updated following the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty.
In this respect, I very much welcome the ‘Marshall Plan’ as recommended by Mr Barón Crespo.
It would not hurt the 14 either if, in Feira, they were to publicly retract the statement they made on 31 January 2000, contrary to the law, about one Member State, and if they were to rectify this mistake.
Sweden is one of those countries in the EU which has some of the longest transport distances.
We therefore support the two amendments requested in addition to the valid amendments presented by the Commission, particularly the reimbursement of benefits in kind provided under sickness and maternity insurance.
I believe that market-led coordination will not work.
This attitude, which reflects the most savage form of capitalism and which I cannot accept, has thrown 3 100 workers and their families on the streets.
Strict standards can be prescribed for new plants since the new technology can be used here.
This means - and here I am addressing in particular those who are not familiar with this jargon - that quotas can be modified.
1.
The immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi would be a start for talks with the authorities in Burma on democracy and improvements in the human rights situation in that country.
They are victims and they suffer.
Unlike Mr Karas, I take the view that the Stability and Growth Pact deserves to be a matter of controversy.
I will check on this and let you know the reasons for our appointments.
(Mixed reactions) What Mr Santer is going to do about...
This is an important point that the EU will continue to emphasise to all of the relevant dialogue partners.
Local elected representatives seem to have been their preferred target, in the last few months.
'Do as I say and not as I do' could be the new European motto.
That is why, as you know, the Socialist Group in the European Parliament has requested that a draft framework directive on services of general interest be looked into.
Efficiency and equity in European education and training systems (vote)
For liberals such as ourselves, no task is more important than that of unifying Europe.
In order to prevent the risk of this happening, we should avoid making any reference to abortion or reproductive rights in our documents.
It would have been desirable, for the honour of the Commission, for Mr Fischler to resign from his post.
There are many examples of this.
Europe is going through its worst economic crisis since the Second World War. Jobs are being lost, unemployment is rising and there are record deficits in our public finances.
The debate in the Committee on Legal Affairs focused on a number of points.
In turn, Parliament approved 29 amendments at first reading which, I think, improved the Commission proposal and most of which, I should point out, were subsequently adopted by the Council, which took a constructive stance.
I think this was a mistake.
Sustainable urban mobility is therefore a key element to achieve our goals with respect to climate change, economic growth and road safety.
Our current level of knowledge indicates that there are no levels of radiation that can be classified as harmless with any absolute degree of certainty.
In this connection, I can only wonder at the exaggerated amount of attention being paid to the interests of the least-developed countries.
   Mr President, our document calls on the European Union to give a commitment to making the Southern Caucasus at the forefront of promoting peace, stability and economic development.
His report is one which largely strengthens and supplements the Commission's efforts in a sector which is vitally important for the future.
The EU advertises itself in terms of greater democracy, greater transparency and an EU for the citizens, but the truth is that the EU is the opposite: the more EU, the less democracy, the less transparency, the less responsibility - but the citizens are too far away to find that out.
For those who were there at Amsterdam and Nice, the Brussels summit is all about .
We are assessing the situation in order to identify the most suitable multilateral instruments, including the World Trade Organisation and our bilateral relations with China.
Unfortunately, both Republican and Democrat presidential candidates in the USA argue for withdrawing from Iraq, which will irresponsibly leave the country in a devastating situation.
I call upon the Council and the Commission to involve Parliament in the debate more than it has been so far, rather than confronting us with ready-made concepts.
It is precisely because we cannot know that we must ban legal weapons as well as illegal weapons.
Smoking in public places must be banned.
However, in our view, there is an essential difference between the aim of merger control and combating violations of cartel rules.
You are right that there is not much point in dealing with this item on the agenda as planned if the Council is not present.
We are just two years away from the commencement of new negotiations on the further liberalization of the world market.
It cannot be denied that there has been a crackdown on non-governmental media and opposition in Kazakhstan.
Madam President, Sudan has been ruled for many years now by regimes founded on a combination of military force, Arab national pride and a conservative interpretation of Islam.
Although I would be called in a 'townie' in Britain, and despite the fact that I represent a mainly urban constituency, I have good reason to support forestry's future.
Thank you for taking the question.
This would have a positive effect in terms of promoting a more natural approach to livestock rearing because it would be associated with the production of fodder.
At the same time 1% of the population owns more than 15% of the available wealth in Europe.
Their signatures not only obligated them vis-à-vis their European partners, but also constituted a signal to the citizens of their own states and a promise that they would abide by the Charter.
Last week, a delegation of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, which I had the pleasure of chairing, visited two long tunnels with two-way traffic in the Alps.
Mugabe's cohorts there gorge themselves, live a life of luxury and are rolling in money, and at the same time others live in the streets or in hovels, from which they are now still being evicted.
This is very important.
The European Union has adopted a policy, in particular in the statement made on 8 September 2000, and this policy, I would reiterate, urges the transitional Government to enter into immediate dialogue with the current authorities - I mentioned Somaliland and Puntland earlier - in order to avoid losing the momentum created by the Arta process, in line with the resolutions made at the Summit of East African Heads of State.
Unfortunately this delay is due to irrelevant discussions which are not so much concerned with the content of the proposal as with the form any involvement by the Community should take.
I will quote this once again because this is precisely what is at issue here. Article 1a of the regulation provides that: "Officials shall be entitled to equal treatment under these Staff Regulations without reference, direct or indirect, to race, political, philosophical or religious beliefs, sex or sexual orientation, without prejudice to the relevant provisions requiring a specific marital status' .
A question was asked about how to link the policies of the ECB to the policies of the NCBs.
He wants high-quality employment and flexibility in the market.
My question to the Council, Mr President-in-Office, is therefore: is it not time we prepared ourselves for that?
On the subject of a possible legislative Council, I have nothing to add to what I told you when we were examining the Poos report last October.
Provisions already covered by existing legislation can in general be deleted; for instance, provisions on door-step selling.
Primarily, we emphatically call attention to the improvement of the labour market opportunities of social groups with various disadvantages.
Reforestation, for example, should take the form of restoring the forest biodiversity that was damaged, if not totally destroyed, in the fires this summer.
So, Commissioner, I am very glad that you were present at the European People's Party group's hearing, and that collaboration between environmentalists and your department has developed extraordinarily well in the last few years.
However, this presents a danger to all Christians, Jews and Muslims.
Innovation is the key word here and I unreservedly endorse the top runner principle in Amendment 96.
I have four points to make on this subject.
All of these legislative acts are currently under review with a view to further approximating the Member States' legislation in this area in order to make it more complete and efficient.
The euro is here to stay.
Let us use the sensitivity and the justified concerns and fears of the public to enter into a dialogue with them, provide answers and explain, and let us not just make complimentary speeches here.
This Commissioner of all people, who is to be responsible for customs duties and tax, is not so very particular about money.
I come, then, to my third point, which the Commissioner perhaps takes a rather different view of.
Which routes individual Member States choose within significant specialist areas of politics must be determined through national democratic processes and not imposed from above.
As I said previously, we carried out such a review earlier this year.
Sensitive areas are being removed from the directive, so that it is left to judges to liberalise public services and make them subject to the market.
We are the people who buy and sell almost all the things they want to buy and sell.
That criterion is already laid down in Directive 94/12/EEC. Secondly, we cannot accept Amendments Nos 11, 42, 43, 45, 46, 47, 50, 51, 52, 59 and 62 because they specify measures which have been shown not to be economically efficient in the first phase of the Auto/Oil programme.
After all, fighting and prosecuting environmental crimes is not a priority for many Member States.
Its proposals for a gradual reduction over a period of time of that subsidy make sense, and it is time the Council and the Commission started talking about this issue.
As you know, oral amendments cannot be put during voting.
How far have we got?
I congratulate the rapporteur for his handling of this report through three readings and lengthy negotiations with the Council in the conciliation process.
In this respect, we must encourage cooperation between Member States.
We have topped up the funds for this, leaving nothing in the reserves, but, at ground level, there is no administration and the decentralisation to which you referred does not work either.
(EL) Mr President, a few days ago, Mr Gruevski's government announced early elections.
Finally, I should point out that the USA is applying the death penalty en masse in Afghanistan without even any judgements from their own courts.
Now, moreover, we are seeing its shortcomings for, this year, we had to use the flexibility mechanism for other, heading-2, aid.
This is a major flaw in the Oostlander report.
We have to abandon the emphasis on domestic action.
This is the result of low taxation rates for the wealthy, which the report does not, of course, question.
This was also concluded by both the Council and the European Council on several occasions.
Coupled with that, it is intended that the cooperative firms, alleged to be relics of the Communist command economy, should have the ground cut from under their feet by new directives designed to improve efficiency.
The provision of the Regulation stipulates that the application should be submitted no later than ten weeks after the disaster takes place and the total value of the losses must be given, which helps to classify the type of disaster.
If the Commission President and the Commission work well with the rest of this House, then we will, together, have the success that we need.
Given the limited liquidity, stricter lending policy and capital restrictions of the banks, the European Investment Bank came to the rescue of many endangered investments and projects.
Mr President, I am not totally convinced with the answer you just gave.
We have made a number of proposals and I am satisfied that when these proposals are put into place we will have met the Member States' concerns in relation to this and also, of course, taken account of consumer concerns.
I can also reassure Mrs Günther that we have already taken steps to ensure that the task force negotiations can be enlarged at any time should the formal negotiations with Malta actually begin.
This has already been done.
On behalf of the Commission, I welcome the resolution on early diagnosis and early care of HIV/AIDS and fully endorse and support the principle of breaking down barriers to HIV testing, treatment and care.
President of the Commission. (PT) Mr President, Prime Minister, honourable Members, I should like first of all to extend a very special greeting to the Prime Minister of Portugal at the start of the Portuguese Presidency.
We are taking our eye off the ball again.
However, there should be a time limit placed on this, as the entire reform process may be greatly delayed through the apathy of some Member States, which would not only have a negative effect on payments from these funds, but would also contribute to a confused legal environment in individual Member States.
To sum up, we believe that the ball is now in the Croatian court.
First of all in the Council, which has not yet made its decision.
It is a radical change of perspective.
While there should be no restrictions on exchange on the basis of bank secrecy or domestic tax interest requirements, respect for taxpayers' rights and strict confidentiality of information exchanged must apply.
In Italy, there is discrimination against the disabled and sick who are over 65 years old, who are not entitled to an allowance, and the sick who are less than 65 years old, who are entitled to an allowance.
It is the right course to follow for progress to be made at European level.
A branch to the north of this axis will go, via Curtici and Brasov, to Bucharest and Constanza.
We shall never be able to compete with the starvation wages and union rights of the countries of the third world and Eastern Europe.
I have received a request for a topical and urgent debate on the Council's proposal to change the legal basis for the European Parliament and Council regulation amending Regulation (?EC) No 218/92 on administrative cooperation in the field of indirect taxation (VAT) [C5-0103/2002 - 2000/0147(COD)].
I agree with the Commission that the purpose of the extension is not only to give businesses the necessary legal certainty, but also to allow further evaluation of the appropriate level of the standard VAT rate at EU level.
The importance of Millennium Development Goal 5 is all the greater in as much as its successful implementation does not cost very much in monetary terms.
Summer tourism would not alone be able to permanently maintain life along our coastlines.
There is virtually no gain for the environment in this scheme.
A key reason for this is that I think the report wholeheartedly accepts the EU's electricity and gas liberalisation directives.
Parliament adopted the legislative resolution
I must point out that the minimum standards for access to transport networks are absolutely crucial.
Everywhere, there are still shocking deficiencies: in safety and air traffic control, on the railways, in the maritime sector, and in road transport.
When it comes to the actual content of the report, I do not think that the consequences of globalisation for women should be dealt with on the basis of the demands made by an ageing population upon the EU.
Could this be seen as a lack of objectivity for the sake of political correctness?
The Commissioner-designate agreed with the initiative, and promised to create a uniform Code of Conduct pertaining to all sectors of transport.
In this context, I would like to say that demand for professional competence in a whole range of areas and activities will grow with the development of modern new technologies and the establishment of higher quality and safety standards, thus creating a requirement for the more goal-oriented training of young people.
Involving these new segments in the labour market will be indispensable for sustainable development and for attaining the 70% legal employment rate.
I am very pleased, therefore, to join so many friends tonight who have been my partners in discussion for what seems like an extremely long time.
This is not a figure plucked out of the air: it is an attempt to provide an honest assessment of what our rhetoric actually means.
Nevertheless, Mr Alavanos, the Council is also aware that the total amount of resources made available to the appropriate international organisations in Kosovo does not match the desired amount, in terms of what the various Member States have been able to raise, and this has limited the real ability of these organisations to act on the ground.
Millions of Muslim families worry about losing their young to religious and political extremism.
Indeed, this is the correct procedure according to the ground rules of the Stability and Growth Pact, and is itself a type of solidarity.
The year began for me in South Africa, where I was working for the Truth and Reconciliation Commission which had been investigating the legacy of apartheid, and I would not want to see inequality, racism or discrimination on anything like the same scale ever again anywhere.
A courageously straight answer from the Commissioner and the Minister is expected and will be much appreciated and very helpful to us.
The question of ageing is now, as you will see, the basic element in the general orientations of economic policy and the guidelines of the strategy for employment, with specific targets.
If global trade is not banned, then stocks of bluefin tuna will collapse, the fisheries sector will go under and then no one will be entitled to compensation.
(NL) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, our rapporteurs have worked very hard on an agreement that deserves our support, primarily because it seeks to achieve ambitious environmental and health objectives but also because it remains agriculturally-economically rational, which means it has an eye for both the certainty of food supply and the viability of farming in the Union.
Tomorrow, we will have the informal summit.
The possibility of a yearly revision of humanitarian aid provisions is also mentioned in the text, a very important item that allows for a humanitarian response based on funding adequate to the needs.
They act as a bridge between the citizens and the authorities, as a catalyst for European public opinion and as support for civil society to take action and for broader participation.
The current system has been in operation since 1995 and was developed for up to 18 countries.
The competent national and regional authorities must also become aware of the risk that delays in carrying out the programmes may lead to an accumulation of payments that have to be made at the end of the planning period.
Madam President, thank you for that very helpful suggestion.
In giving greater priority to public investment, which I fully support, we must not however forget the other side of the coin: greater public investment does not necessarily mean increased deficit. We believe that the problem should be resolved by redirecting certain types of expenditure and keeping public deficit under control.
Would the Council not agree that we need to move swiftly, not just on poultry but sheep and pigmeat as well, to give consumers the same information and indeed to provide the same traceability if something should go wrong?
The advent of factories, railway and dams helped the country move forward.
Vice-President Tajani has stated that industry is at the heart of Europe and is indispensable for finding solutions to the challenges of our society today and in the future.
The EU is very successful at facilitating trade within the EU area and has made a considerable contribution to the EU countries' economic development.
   . With regard to energy supplies from Russia, I come from a country that does not have the easiest of relations with Russia.
However, even that amount of money has made a big impact.
Mr President, I would like to draw attention to a matter which is of direct relevance to this House, namely the situation of near anarchy that exists around the entrances to the Channel Tunnel at present at the freight depot.
Commissioner, some of your proposals are along the right lines, but these parts of the proposals are not, in our opinion, sufficiently thorough and remain basically symbolic.
Let us not forget the fact that if the French Presidency preferred to let negotiations fail on the fallacious grounds that ‘no deal is better than a bad deal’, then it did so above all because it feared being faced with a negative referendum (despite the floods of propaganda and biased surveys, which claimed and still claim today, that the people are hoping and praying for a supranational Europe.
The Council presidency has now presented a compromise on the original proposals, which would drop all recording of individual sheep numbers until such a time as an electronic recording system is in place, and secondly would introduce compulsory electronic identification for sheep and goats from 1 January 2008, subject to a Commission report on implementation by June 2006.
In this regard, we follow with great interest the Coleman case currently pending before the European Court of Justice.
This topic is the subject of constant discussion in the Council, not least with reference to the practical decisions that we have to take.
The consequence has been that the President of the United States has suspended Title 3, the most damaging title of this legislation, and that since the understanding there has been no action under Title 4.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we postponed the vote on this report from yesterday to today because we were waiting for an official response from the Council.
However, although there has been some modest progress, there are still some conspicuous shortcomings.
In that case, will the Irish taxpayers get some, or all, of their money back?
We do not expect this to happen before Christmas, but we do still hope that it happens so that these children – whose right to a family is a priority, as is decreed by all the legislation in force at international level – can be reunited with their parents.
The establishment of the customs union has unfortunately not moved Turkey to cease its violations of human rights.
Meanwhile, we in the European Union are still unable to draw up a legislative document or adopt a charter which, as a Charter of Fundamental Rights, would be a binding document.
Every country within the EU now has rules governing the scrapping of cars.
Finally, and unsurprisingly, need I remind the Commissioner that very similar transport modes already exist in my constituency of Northamptonshire and Blaby where buses have been pioneered with great success which do just what the Murphy report recommends: low-floor buses which kneel to let people on and off are already a feature of our local travel and much welcomed by the users.
I want to stress that by continuing to deny the role of the opposition, the Iranian regime will be unable to convince us of its will to work for the good of the Iranian people.
The Commission should therefore evaluate the possibility of merging agencies with overlapping or complementary activities.
This is certainly not the end of the fight, to echo Mrs Lambert’s words.
I entirely agree with what Mr Liikanen said in a letter concerning Community customs, that the Commission has no choice but to carry on enforcing existing legislation. That is just as it should be.
   The next item is the report (A6-0230/2006) by Mrs Eija-Riita Korhola, on behalf of the European Parliament delegation to the Conciliation Committee, on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the application of the provisions of the Aarhus Convention on Access to Information, Public Participation in Decision-making and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters to Community institutions and bodies [PE-CONS 3614/2006 – C6-0156/2006 – 2003/0242COD)].
I would particularly ask you to consider this point again.
Why are we doing this?
There are still hurdles to be overcome, no doubt about that.
They reflect the European Parliament's concerns and the advice to which the Commission will pay great attention in monitoring the implementation of the two agreements.
in writing. - (FR) Against the backdrop of the globalisation of finance, agriculture, migration and the market, the nations of Europe must form an alliance of civilisation with the countries of Central America.
The way people get their information today is through television.
There is also talk of Israel waging a "preventative' war against Syria.
Secondly, we must also try to ensure that the Member States and the Union as a whole pursue jointly defined objectives.
I can well appreciate and support the Member's comments.
The Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs therefore proposes that plenary support the Commission proposals but, at the same time, calls on the Commission to present a proposal well before the end of 2001, consolidating all the initiatives designed to create an area of freedom, security and justice on the basis of Title VI of the Treaty on European Union and Title IV of the Treaty establishing the European Community, in order to strengthen citizens' rights and fundamental rights.
The report on action against late payments aims to improve the functioning of the internal market, to improve payment ethics, and to support the ability of small and medium-sized enterprises to pay.
Technical advances in recent years have greatly improved the efficiency of sustainable sources of energy, and instead of supporting and giving so much money to the European nuclear power industry, as the Community notoriously does, we should reinforce efforts to promote sustainable sources of energy.
   . The gradual growth and development of maritime transport offers a number of benefits, including environmental ones.
Part of the Hizbollah's raison d'être is the ongoing occupation by Israel of the Shebaa farms.
Mr President, Mr Barroso, ladies and gentlemen, in its session today, the Commission approved the new SWIFT agreement, and did so by a large majority or even unanimously.
Secondly, the report means that the EU will go into yet another policy area which the June List considers to be a matter for Member States.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
As much as I share the objective of creating a place where the public can learn about the major phases of European integration since the end of the Second World War, I am nonetheless surprised by the relative approximation with which the necessary investments and provisional running costs are quantified and concerned about the opacity of certain decision-making procedures.
First, we hope that you, Commissioner, will join us and the single market in organising another Single Market Forum before the end of 2003 where we can celebrate the entry of ten new countries to the internal market.
Surely the laws of gravity apply to people facing sideways, just as they do to people facing forwards.
This common position was shared by all the political groups in Afghanistan.
We think that because we have voted by a majority in the Council, everything is solved.
The replacement, reduction and refinement of animal tests are a question of civilisation.
The danger lights are flashing, because if the gaps are not closed in the coming weeks, we will face serious institutional, legislative and political obstacles to ending this round.
We think that this might have been possible if we had clearly seen the principle of reducing working time with that aim, by adopting limits on the duration of working periods not just in week terms but also in terms of days, months or years.
So I will not be able to support the idea of extending the one-year period, but we will return to this issue.
I should like, first of all, to stress that it is a shared asset.
I successfully introduced it in Belgium as the only country in Europe, and it was soon copied in France.
– Brian Crowley, on behalf of the UEN Group, on respect for basic working standards in the production of sport products for the Olympic Games (B5-0191/2004).
To advocate common learning in schools at a time when nationalist arguments are increasing seems to me to be courageous and worthy of our gratitude.
It is, therefore, in the spirit of cooperation that the Commission welcomes and supports this report.
As a result, I feel it is essential to develop legislation on data protection, security and freedom of expression.
Mr President, Commissioner, rapporteurs, a moment ago, we listened to our eccentric visionary, Mr Fatuzzo, who talked about the loss of the Andrea Doria and who referred in that connection to the captain' s fatigue.
- (PL) Mr President, this report raises two fundamental problems faced by the European Union.
That, however, is what this report is leading up to, even if Mrs Sandbaek says it is not.
Mr President, as draftsperson of the opinion of the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport on the Barcelona Process, I would like to communicate some of the concerns and suggestions which have been unanimously approved in committee.
The Greek Socialist MEPs hope you will be appointed.
Volunteers also help to invigorate and mobilise citizens from disadvantaged communities, for example in the European Volunteer Centre and in the European Youth Forum, as regards the principle of civil society, through development and by reviving and promoting traditions, originality and diversity of the regions.
I agree with you on that, and we are in fact working to set one up, including on a technical level.
Meanwhile we will have given a green light to barbarism in any one of a hundred trouble spots currently around the world.
The results were even more disappointing on the major issue of immigration.
A transversal group of Commissioners has been set up, but can this group be more proactive?
In spite of this, there are people in the country, including President Klaus, who constantly voice their doubts about EU membership, as well as doubts about the reason for the very existence of the EU.
This principle requires us to confront together the serious global problem of drugs, at every link in the chain; that is to say, production, distribution, consumption, money laundering, the diversion of chemical ingredients and arms sales.
I deplore that and I think my colleague, Mr Perry, would say the same.
This morning's debate gives me the hope, expressed by President Cox and Commissioner Verheugen too, that this prophecy will come true.
That is a monologue, not a dialogue.
In addition, a pact of confidence commits the Commission to being serious-minded about political planning.
The improvement of energy efficiency.
I cannot overemphasise the importance of this proposal.
   Madam President, first of all, I should like to congratulate Mrs Gröner on her report which contains a number of very positive proposals.
Specifically, I would like to state that in Chile only one case has been prosecuted, involving a North American citizen, in connection with the assassination attempt against General Letelier.
We will, over the coming months, be giving consideration to whether or not we need to change what we are doing in the light of recent political changes in Georgia.
Telemessages, or more properly information networks, will form the basis for the information society; they are its highways.
It seems to me that this one example demonstrates why it is crucial that care is taken with regard to the EU’s fishing agreements, ensuring that the Union is helping to improve governance in third-country waters, but also addressing the urgent need on all sides to step up the quality of monitoring and enforcement.
We oppose the death penalty which the Taliban have applied and yet we import it club class in huge American transporters.
We support your initiative, Mr Frattini, of sending a letter to the EU Home Affairs Ministers asking them to carry out a careful check on the controls that exist regarding videogame violence.
The President of the Commission, Mr Barroso, spent over an hour negotiating with us on the details.
This budget reflects the fundamental orientation of the European institutions, responsible for facilitating the activities of the large capitalist groups, including in the areas which are most damaging to society, such as the redundancy plans which are responsible for the gravity of the unemployment situation and the spread of poverty.
These agreements, which are still very rough and ready, nonetheless deserve to be encouraged and, most especially, improved.
I have some reservations about aspects of the European project, but I am absolutely certain that those countries that wish to join should be allowed to join.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
In a declaration issued in February, Parliament called on the Commission and the Member States to recognise this fight as a European public health priority.
If, however, government action is based on fear, the rights are often also the first to suffer.
At the same time, it is forgetting the Community Lisbon Programme, which had forecast the transformation of Europe into the most competitive region in the world.
The key to improving employment cannot be found in the greater labour-market flexibility for which he calls.
The streets of the Roma settlement from where the parents would like to take their children to kindergarten have never been gravelled, and road paving is not even included in the medium-term plans of the town.
the expansion of 'occupational' pension funds which provide a contribution-based pension;
To conclude on the Langen report, allow me to thank you once again for your valuable support which, I believe, will enhance the likelihood of early adoption by the Council.
To this end, I propose that there be set up a prestigious and independent committee of international experts to assess the situation together with the international organisations and to implement a series of urgent proposals and initiatives for food and health aid, acting immediately, planning for the future and putting all our humanitarian weaponry into the hands of the non-governmental organisations.
This proposal represents a significant step in terms of protecting the population’s health and the environment, as the amendments on the table will bring clear improvements in terms of the understanding, monitoring and quality control of bathing water.
What is more, drivers want to be protected against overworking and overtiredness, but they also want to get home quickly after a long trip.
Instruments based on the Community market should not be confined to the system of exchanging emission rights. We have to consider other systems and, as author, I am very much in favour of paragraph 27, which revives the idea of introducing a 'carbon' tax to offset a reduction in fossil fuel subsidies.
Please ask the Commission President to take a look at this issue.
I am naturally in favour of everyone, including the Serbs, being able to return home, and I am in favour of our welcoming the Serbs to our Community one day, but first of all we must get things clear here, which certainly involves emphasizing that there is no place for that country as long as it is governed by extremists and mass murderers.
We hope that a political solution for the Lebanese track can be found quickly, and we are ready to assist as best we can with regard to this track.
I am not interested in who did the study.
People who live in poverty have no energy to fight these deadly diseases and nor do they have the money to pay for drugs.
Although the extradition agreement allows of exemptions, the grounds for these are certainly not lack of mutual trust.
You almost get the impression that defective products are the general rule.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
Despite our parliamentary questions, the European Commission failed to add the topic to the agenda at the recent summit meeting with Mr Mubarak.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I would very much like to thank Ms Hall for a very timely and important report.
(NL) Madam President, I should like to bring up a few points in this brief debate.
The way this matter is being handled is one I regard as irregular and unlawful.
The problem is that it does not cover anti-tank mines.
For several weeks, Guinea has been the scene of violent clashes during which free citizens demonstrating in the streets in the name of their political beliefs have been subjected to unprecedented violence.
The agreement concluded between these two countries in August 1939, known as the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, made it a foregone conclusion that the two socialist dictatorships would carry out a joint military attack on the other democratic nations of Europe.
What the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats now wants is for this line to be dismantled.
It is incompatible with the goal of the European Parliament, the Commission and the Council for the Union to be a prominent global player with an inflation increase of barely 2.9%.
We wish to help minorities that are lost and have been hurt, but we will not submit to their pernicious domination.
As Mr Mitchell is probably aware, at its spring session in 2007 the European Council approved the objectives of the European Union regarding the reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020.
It is important that we have reached a political agreement.
8.
That is something that would favour growth and increase flexibility.
In many countries foreign language learning tends to mean simply learning English.
Speaking from both points of view, I wish to say that I firmly believe that the repeated claim that a homosexual orientation is genetically pre-programmed is not exclusively true.
They mean more democracy and transparency.
   As you know, the item has not been removed from the agenda but rather its duration has been reduced.
I wished to ask whether, especially with regard to the Assyrian people, and especially with regard to the Assyrian minority both in Turkey and in Iraq, the Council will express its concern to the authorities of these countries and in particular to the authorities in Ankara.
Was the reality such that only words like "welcome, request, reaffirm, expect" were appropriate?
It will set about locating and confiscating the profits made from criminal activities.
We have to be in a position that allows us to safeguard farmers' incomes, and to put market mechanisms into place in order to prevent and avert price volatility such as we are currently seeing.
Allow me to cite one example from Hungary to illustrate my point.
In fact, based on the premise that such controls exist in the fifteen Member States, the Commission has found that there are differences in application.
I would like to share some facts with the House this evening.
Let me read in particular condition 24, in which the EU 'asks Russia to reaffirm its commitments to the territorial integrity of Georgia and Moldova and to withdraw its military forces from Georgia and Moldova in accordance with the request of these sovereign states'.
This is insufficient at the moment, but the situation will change again somewhat.
Community environmental law
I think that we should take far-reaching steps to defeat these diseases of civilisation.
In these cases, such people may use false documents as the only way to escape from imminent threats to their life or freedom.
Personally I think that these difficulties are an opportunity.
But it also mentions the transatlantic alliance and NATO, which we believe are the cornerstones of the EU's foreign security policy.
And Mr Santer told the truth with great sincerity: you are thinking about a Community corporation tax, a Community income tax, and - in the context of your fiscal folly - why not a green tax?
I voted in favour of the Niebler report as scientific and technological cooperation between the EU and Russia is a necessity.
We should be involved in the nominations of ambassadors and EUSRs.
author. - (PL) Mr President, this debate is of course in some senses a debate about the death penalty as such, but I do not want it to move in that direction, because in fact we should be discussing this specific situation.
This intelligent joint action is not just a question of responsibility or solidarity, as you said; rather, it is a question of the added value that comes from sharing a currency that does not just boil down to a monetary union, but which must also be an economic union, and where the only tool that we have had available until now - the Stability and Growth Pact - is insufficient, since it has never been a growth pact, and it is a pact that has not permitted the euro area to fulfil its potential.
That being so, as for what happens about the problem created by the Greek Government by collecting all this sewage sludge on the island, that is not the European Union's business to say what should be done with this sewage sludge.
I will come back to this point later on.
I do believe that we should really be able to take the dimension of employment into account, and that is possible without amending the Treaties, simply by adapting legislation, because the Treaties already set the Commission the task of monitoring the effects of these decisions on employment.
However, this trust is based on reciprocal obligations.
In terms of both nature and symbol, women in Afghanistan are totally deprived.
The gagging of the media and the defamation of the peaceful demonstrators are further, manifest evidence of the communist despotism of this government.
We have a particularly high regard for the way this, the world’s largest democracy, is trying, through legislation, actively to rectify the defects observable in its society.
When has the international community contemplated forcing Sharon to do the same, with his being given a deadline for when all of Israel’s illegal settlements in the occupied territories must be removed?
I agree with a number of colleagues who have sharply criticised the agreement, especially for the lack of sufficient nexus to human rights and liberties.
Over and over again, I get letters from members of the public pointing out ways in which, contrary to the official line, Beneš decrees are to this day being applied in cases in which compensation is outstanding.
By its nature, this initiative falls solely within the remit of the Commission.
The Presidency's proposal would have involved a cut from EUR 42 billion of direct aid and market measures to EUR 35 billion in 2013, which, for the 15-nation Europe, would have meant a reduction of close to 17% for the common agricultural policy alone.
The services of the Commission have been invited to participate in the crisis unit set up by the Belgian authorities. This will examine, among other aspects, the practical possibilities of using credits: either those remaining from the current programme expiring at the end of 2006 or those, constituting larger available funds, that will be available under the new programmes entering into force as from 2007.
B5-0350/2002, by Mrs Boumediene-Thiery and others, on behalf of the group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, on the case of Mr Riad al Turk and the human rights situation in Syria;
In my own country in 1979 we had 1200 British-flagged ships, today the total is less than 250.
In a joint declaration with the European Parliament, special attention has been paid to the protection of animals during transport.
Is that agreed?
As far as the legal basis is concerned, the Commission takes the view that Article 43 is appropriate.
I agree those last few words have now been modified by one of the amendments we accepted, but we would still like to have a separate vote on those last few words of the paragraph.
Amendment No 7, if adopted, would delete the paragraph, in which case the oral amendment would not stand because the paragraph it refers to would have been deleted.
As one of those who drafted the 2009 budget, I would like to thank Jutta Haug and László Surján for their sound preparatory work.
However, jobs in my region as well as in the rest of Europe are being lost because councils do not work closely together across borders.
Accordingly, as is becoming traditional on these occasions, my party will be abstaining.
As a number of speakers have already said, we are not civil servants - we represent the citizens of the four corners of the European Union, here at its centre.
As many speakers have mentioned, the EU has quite a high profile in the area of human rights, and that is both a good and a bad thing.
There is broad consensus that we need to make every effort to prevent the systematic organisation of illegal immigration.
in writing. - I am generally in favour of what is proposed for the 2009 calendar of part-sessions.
(Applause)
That is why we need a White Paper on transport policy which seeks to readjust modes of transport, to improve the Trans-European Networks, to eliminate points of congestion, to promote the railways, river transport, short haul sea shipping, to promote effective and less polluting urban transport, with the rationalisation of the use of the traditional car and the promotion of innovative research projects into clean fuels, and to improve the awareness and education of drivers.
This group of amendments may mark the beginning of a real cultural change in the current relationship between debtor and creditor.
That would have given less protection at greater costs.
Now, after the vote in plenary, the compromise has diminished the overall report, which contained deeper and more wide-ranging amendments on monitoring and developing forest fire prevention measures.
We are fighting to ensure that there is a clear message that the dispute should end in a positive manner: a decisive dispute to put a stop to the downgrading of production in Italy and the weakening of industrial plant throughout Europe.
After all, it was the British Prime Minister who gave the green light to this misguided policy in 1998 and now he has promised significant elements of Britain's already over-stretched armed forces to fill any capability gaps given the complete lack of willingness on the part of most other European countries to upgrade their defence capabilities in any meaningful way.
The Commission will explore the role that national equality bodies could play and may consider stricter requirements on Member States' reporting of measures to combat discrimination, implemented with support from the structural funds.
This means that the current legislation may not be up to date.
They came up with an alternative text but, I am sorry to say, the Council has never had the courtesy to inform Parliament of the new version of the text.
It is perhaps not by chance that the Conservative benches have emptied because that which is represented as market freedom no longer has anything in common with the noble principles of the social market economy which has brought so much prosperity to us here in western Europe over recent decades.
I wish to state clearly that a real vision of a contemporary and safe Europe is not possible without Ukraine.
I realize that, pursuant to Article 43, this amendment will not be successful unless it is taken up by the Commission.
They respond to the citizens’ concerns, as they focus on prosperity, solidarity and security.
You know that a discussion has been underway for some time on the question as to whether the Belgian ports act – known as the ‘Major law’ – is in accordance with the treaty rules on the free movement of services.
Finally I would like to stress that there is potential for increased cooperation with Zimbabwe, but this will clearly depend on how the situation develops there.
I could live with a compromise in the form of the year 2006, but I could not compromise any further on this point.
Mr President, I think the translation of Mr Speroni' s speech may not have been entirely correct. He appeared to me to be saying the complete opposite regarding the decision taken.
The third indent refers to a working document which, in the meantime, has been replaced by Mrs Randzio-Plath's resolution, and therefore it must be updated.
We still have two weeks to go.
That is why it wants to increase funding for measures where the European dimension can be clearly seen, as in the creation of pilot projects and preparatory actions in the areas of education, innovation and training leading towards a Europe of Knowledge, actions intended to improve multicultural integration, and actions to combat violence against women.
Capitalist restructuring will be even more disastrous for workers in the poorer countries.
Excellent work has already been done in this area by the Council of Europe, Unesco and, especially, the Francophone Conference.
In this way we can explain to the representatives of third countries that the European Union's accession to the European Convention on Human Rights really does mean that our activities are subject to external scrutiny, as has been explained here.
Another important proposal is to set up a compensation fund for victims of trafficking in human beings, which would be funded from the confiscation ofcriminals' proceeds from crime.
This strategy was the only base of compromise which it was possible to reach in the European Parliament and in the Committee on Agriculture in particular, and Mr Thomas deserves our greatest support for the effort which he has made to bring the different sides closer together.
This time the results of the European elections must be taken into account.
In addition, even if there are some relatively high toll fees – such as, for example, those charged for the Brenner – thousands and thousands of drivers have not been deterred from continuing to make use of the Brenner.
This is why the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism is working and will continue to work in weeks to come to ensure that the guidelines can be adopted within the current parliamentary term.
It has already achieved the gradual scrapping of single-hull oil tankers worldwide and increased compensation for victims of hydrocarbon pollution, and it has supplemented existing international regulations by introducing stricter inspections in Community ports, more effective checks of classification societies and more thorough monitoring of maritime traffic.
I am very pleased that you are positive about carrying out a study on children and how they react to children's advertisements.
The technologies that we are speaking about are critical to the success or failure of key European industries into the next century.
We must finally do away with the contradiction between legal entitlement and legal reality, which has unfortunately been in existence for 40 years.
It concerns Amendment No 18.
(FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to mention an aspect of importance concerning the discharge, namely the evaluation of actions through sampling.
The pre-accession aid helps the applicant countries, naturally, but it also lessens the impact of enlargement on the Union itself.
The documents arrived back much too late: sometimes three or four months.
It is difficult to ask for the impossible.
I think these are also points which we might encourage, for example in pilot projects.
I would therefore like it if the European Commission devoted a European year to this type of violence.
In presenting Agenda 2000 the Commission expressed its intention to offer a clear and coherent vision for the European Union as it enters the new millennium.
Nonetheless, I disagree with the claim made by Mr Santer, albeit a more limited one, that the euro is protecting us from financial instability.
we note disappointment because the report does not make a direct and clear reference to mandatory/compulsory burden sharing;
It is unfortunate that a number of my group's amendments to this report did not pass, though the report itself goes some way to raising standards and I was glad to support it.
We had a very useful meeting in Ghana with the Speaker of the parliament and the Clerk to the House.
Let us now try to do that on a pan-European basis, and that is also why we, together with the Commission, are in the process of preparing the next pan-European transport conference next year in Helsinki.

They fear insecurity; they fear that these objectives will not be achieved in their day-to-day lives.
Faced with such an internal situation in Belarus, where all roads to becoming a critical, conscious and free citizen have long been blocked, the EHU is becoming not just an island of free Belarusian thought, but also a breeding ground for future Belarusian leaders.
This is, in my view, very important in the face of this tremendously dangerous threat.
The Bureau tabled a proposal for decision to plenary.
Improving the control arrangements in the Member States is central to ensuring the correct use of Union funds.
I shall not dwell on the positive achievements of Amsterdam - others have already done so, excessively in some cases.
We will come back to them in the debate that is to follow.
My warmest thanks go to him accordingly.
You can ask the question again if you wish.
An efficient and open ENP can provide multiple incentives for boosting economic, legal and social reforms in countries bordering the EU.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, I, too, must beg forgiveness of Mr Rocard by focusing on one issue - Palestine.
There will be a debate on the Middle East on Wednesday.
The whole of this debate demonstrates that there is a dialectical relationship between humanitarian aid, which the European Union mobilises in order to deal with emergency situations resulting from all types of disaster, and the aid which is regularly granted with a view to promoting the development of a particular region or country.
In several speeches, questions about a social Europe arose.
Many shortcomings, the lack of spending and the fact that 80% of the commitment appropriations are sometimes not spent, are due to an organisational structure which is inadequate, not sufficiently decentralised in the various relevant countries and guided by a form of regulation which does too little examining after the event and is too bureaucratic before the event.
It is this model which characterizes our free and democratic societies, giving them a special place in the worldwide concert of nations.
(EL) Madam President, Commissioner, at a time when, politically, the fundamental principles of cohesion and solidarity in the EU are under attack on all sides, especially from neo-nationalist movements, and we all know who they are, the Commission should, in my opinion, make it its daily task to crush anyone who attacks the symbols of European political unification.
I have also heard it within the Council.
There are plans to double its capacity in 1997, which will create an additional 900 jobs.
But a soft landing does seem possible.
These young journalists were totally amazed at the deep concerns many of us have about all aspects of childcare in Romania.
We also reject the assertion that the West did nothing to bring about change in what was then the Soviet-ruled part of Europe.
We will devote particular attention to the debate and to the decision that will be adopted by Parliament, but I believe that, to begin with, the agency certainly can and must have geographical competence inside the Member States.
I propose: that in approving the European Union's budget for 2005, we must find funds to broadcast radio, perhaps also television programmes in Belorussian and Russian, which could be compiled with the help of Belorussian journalists [...] and could be broadcast from the neighbouring states - Lithuania and Poland - as was done until 2001.
In my opinion, we must support the accession aspirations of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, because the country undoubtedly belongs to the European, Western cultural background and, in recent months and years, has made progress in numerous areas.
Unlike Mr Haarder, I do not think this need for reform means that enlargement will be held up - far from it.
Development aid is efficient compared with what?
Human rights will continue to be an important and difficult issue in our relations with Uzbekistan, but the Commission believes that engagement is the best way to promote positive developments.
Why then, cannot Mrs Fouque's vote be accepted today?
(ES) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, over the next few months we will be entering into a full debate on the new common agricultural policy (CAP).
I would particularly emphasise the need to incorporate social and environmental privileges and plant health standards which need to accompany the opening of the markets.
Dialogue must therefore be commenced, if only to bring about legal and political conditions in Belarus that will encourage the investment of EU capital in the country.
But the Chinese people are afraid.
Because of the addictive effect giving up proves very difficult.
Of course, we need strong European economic governance, but first we need to deal with the havoc caused by this debt. If we believe that we can resolve the problem by simply cutting back on public spending, then we are not facing up to reality.
What we cannot have is Europe paying so little attention to education and the education funds being used for other purposes.
This was not an issue for emerging economies before; two years ago the emerging economies would have said that climate change was not for them to deal with.
The vote in the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy and the debate today have demonstrated very impressive support for the ideas expressed in the report.
Young people, in particular, are especially hard hit by the current crisis.
For the morning, there is proof that I attended all of the roll-call votes and, for the evening, I had the privilege of chairing part of the sitting.
For the first time the European Union is providing financial support to its partners’ negotiation teams.
The Regulation seeks to establish a solid and transparent legislative framework for the recognition and financing of European political parties.
Parliament's approval will also be required for all trade agreements concluded.
Parliament's two great groups are very much as one in this demand, and I am grateful to our group's Mr Gil Robles for his contribution to the Napolitano report, and to our rapporteur for his Amendment No 21.
Commissioner, thank you for your kind response that, personally speaking, gives me great pleasure.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, allow me first of all to compliment Mr Mamère on his report.
And indeed it is vital to maintain and improve Europe's economic and competitive position and to maximise its social and cultural impact by enabling innovative services for the benefit of citizens.
I would like to thank the Commission and the rapporteur for addressing this important issue.
That is what has happened: the Constitution was not passed, because Europe ‘will not be made all at once, or according to a single plan’; but the important Growth Initiative was launched, because Europe ‘will be built through concrete achievements which first create a de facto solidarity.’
Imaginative measures must be found, which can be adapted to the diversity of the situations in different Member States and which respect the dignity of job seekers.
NTT DoCoMo earmarks USD 8.2 million to control unsolicited e-mails on mobile phones.
In addition, overall, the College's replies to the Court of Auditors' remarks are once again inadequate and the remedial measures it puts forward are too vague and non-specific to enable the discharge authority adequately to determine whether the College is capable of improving in future.
There are structural reasons, which have been recorded, such as age, training, seniority, and precarious and part-time work, in which mainly women are employed.
I would like to ask you whether the Commission has noticed that Russia has never created difficulties as regards supplying 'old' EU Member States with oil and gas, whereas with Lithuania, Latvia, Hungary and other new EU Member States, there have been many difficulties.
The powerlessness this Parliament and the Commission are demonstrating in this case is utterly indecent: either Europe succeeds in recovering a sense of itself, or else events like this condemn not Renault alone, but the inability of this Parliament and Europe to respond to the problems of the workers and the unemployed.
The consumer pays twice: he or she pays via tax for the aid and then pays the artificially high prices for everyday goods.
Other states have taken up this money to the tune of some £4m. the Irish Republic to the tune of £100 000 - yet the disgraceful attitude of the London Government is to keep this from the UK farmers.
I very much welcome Bangladesh's willingness to allow our EP Delegation to South Asia into the country on a fact-finding mission.
I welcome this even more since, this year, the European Parliament has demonstrated very convincingly its willingness and ability to assert the overriding European interest, especially with regard to the financial supervision package.
Now we are saying that it is simply humanitarian intervention.
That is very good news.
Until then, the sugar trade would normally continue on the same basis as trade in other agricultural produce.
I will just give you some examples which perhaps explain why the French are a little wary about Europe on this subject: the prices of postal services, rail transport, air transport and water transport, which have been given over to private companies, have increased exponentially.
Even admitting - as I have always done - that a reduction of the fleet is essential, the proposal was extreme and highly questionable scientifically.
– the fact that consumer organisations are to obtain extensive EU funding, without the report specifying the relevant amounts;
But the question of labour law and working hours is also important.
As this debate draws to a close, a number of primary evaluations have become clear.
As far as national forest programmes (NFPs) are concerned, while I fully support their establishment, I would draw attention to their shortcomings.
The new directive does not meet any of the relevant needs.
This applies both in political terms and with regard to the provision of the requisite information on the aspects of established Community law and practice that should be taken into account in any settlement of the Cypriot problem.
In my view, that is essential.
We have to be attentive.
We would prefer to draw on the latter for our amended proposal.
Soon at least eight Member States will have signed up to this Treaty.
I would like to underline that the first message to come from the Council was one of solidarity, compassion and readiness to provide humanitarian as well as technical assistance.
On the basis of the report requested from the Presidency and Commission, the Council will, at the latest by its meeting in June 2009, discuss the calendar for entry into operation of SIS II.
We have heard from those who fought against the Franco dictatorship, who are present today and are to be commended, but there are others, now dead, who no longer have a voice and can no longer participate in political dialogue.
Cyprus must speak with one voice.
You can rely on us in the Joint Parliamentary Assembly to keep raising this issue.
We support the call for the human rights dimension to be clearly reflected in the work of FRONTEX, especially the right of a person to leave his or her country, the ban on refoulement and the right to seek asylum.
It is encouraging that these funds will have an emergency clause so that assistance can be given immediately in cases of emergency.
(Applause)
The common objective and intention to develop the internal market has nevertheless remained unchanged.
Will they oppose proper assessments being made of cosmetics or the centralised information service which the Commissioner has rightly said will actually save industry money?
A second comment also drawn from my union background: why has ThyssenKrupp chosen today to take two apparently contradictory initiatives?
Again on the basis of the Commission report, the European Council will also be called upon to assess the progress made by the 10 accession countries in the adoption and application of the Community .
I would, however, urge that, by acting in that way, the baby is not thrown out with the bath water, and that it is well understood that one of the causes of failure on the part of the previous Commission has sometimes been the loss of the notion of public service.
To achieve this, it is crucial to ensure rapid implementation of pre-registration. This will enable the European Chemicals Agency to alert all manufacturers, importers and consumers at once if any new knowledge emerges regarding a substance.
This morning's debate also shows the other side of the coin.
Our group does, however, wish to express its opposition to the unhindered operation of what are termed market forces.
There is absolutely no reason, other than hypocrisy and defeatism, why we should not sign this resolution, for in not doing so we are not achieving anything at all that could justify taking this standpoint on a subject upon which there is such wide consensus from our public.
The rotation of the presidencies is the most democratic thing about the EU.

Now that ten million German marks or pounds sterling can cross the continent in a few milliseconds, the obstacles placed in the way of the free movement of human beings are becoming completely intolerable.
The Commission has enough clout to sort this out at a sufficiently early stage with our WTO partners around the world.
Where is this danger that hangs over Europe’s future?
In order to be able to pay out this money quickly, I simply need the legal basis in Article 186.
We shall continue with the debate on the reports by Mr El Khadraoui and Mr Jarzembowski on the transport sector.
It worries me that it says ‘no purely military solution’.
The bailout may allow it to limp on until the next time that its monetary policy needs to diverge from those of the rest of the eurozone.
In order to make the EUR 2.6 billion available, we needed what was referred to as a minor revision of the financial perspective.
The Commission has held out to us the prospect of certain things being done in response to these points.
Until the proposal for its new common organisation of markets is tabled, the sector will continue to have almost no room for manoeuvre when setting prices.
On the accession of Bulgaria to the EU on 1 January 2007, weaknesses remained in the areas of judicial reform and the fight against corruption and organised crime.
Mr President, I really do not think we need this.
The next item is the vote.
Mr President-in-Office, we have heard your remarks on the EU-US agenda, and, as a member of this Parliament's US Delegation, I can tell you that we have just returned from Washington, where we had meetings with members of the Congress, and a lot of our discussions obviously focused on the Helms-Burton legislation - legislation that is very damaging to our European interests.
At this time of financial crisis, we need clear legal guidelines and, Mr Barroso, we need the same wage for the same work at the same place, regardless of gender.
Moreover, let me sound a strong warning of the negative economic consequences that the sudden breaking off of customs revenue can have for such countries, since customs duties are often a vitally important source of income for their state budgets.
We have Regulation (EC) No 2061 from 2004.
I would suggest a solution of this type, incorporating Amendment No 16 by Mr Sterckx, which means that there is a revision process which enables us, if necessary, to introduce a fixed percentage if we see that the Member States are not making any progress with regard to this distribution and that this excess of flexibility makes this directive ineffective.
The third and last element is the implementing bloc, in other words the implementing regulations.
In conclusion, I wish to thank the rapporteur, Mr Moscovici.
I believe that European society sees Nice as a total failure and I also believe that this failure, amongst other things, has led to the fact that Ireland has voted no in the referendum on the Treaty of Nice, in the face of the idleness of the Irish Government, and also, although this time in positive terms, the fact that Mr Jospin, Prime Minister of France, and Mr Schröder, Chancellor of Germany, proposed something which seven or eight months ago they would not have dared to propose, that is, the future existence of a European Constitution.
The third option therefore seems to us to be based on realistic demands reflecting clearly-defined requirements.
I should mention that there are quite a number of such areas.
I fear a great deal of disappointment lies ahead for them.
I agree with previous speakers that we should not be more indulgent towards powerful countries like Russia and China.
The new standards amount to a significant improvement on current international standards under the SOLAS Convention. These new standards are already being implemented in northern European waters within the framework of the Stockholm Agreement.
It was under discussion up to the very last minute.
Everyone is coming to this forum with the 10% they want to change. I also have 10% I would like to change.
No one wants to introduce internal border protection within the Union.
My second point concerns the internal market.
The creation of a European judicial area and establishing a working party to discuss the idea has my full support.
Needless to say, the judiciary has its own role to play in this, but the government should make every effort to show the first emphatic signs of change as a matter of urgency.
After all, under international law, the settlements do not belong to the state of Israel.
There are those states who wish to see themselves in the European Union, and there are those states that have chosen other goals for themselves.
If there are difficulties in implementing the operational programmes of each Member State, then these should be overcome (including by increasing the Community co-financing rates).
If the demands made in the Boumediene-Thiery report in respect of freedom of movement for third-country nationals were to be met, this would have a far more serious impact than if we were to grant the citizens of the candidate countries in Central and Eastern Europe freedom of movement and establishment, without a transitional period, which is something no one in their right mind would consider.
This is vital if serious violations are to be prevented and human dignity is to be safeguarded.
New rules on textile labelling are proposed which will help customers avoid the risk of buying textile products which contain natural fur or leather.
I accept that the EU is the world's largest donor of development aid.
This needs to be highlighted, because many members of the public have gained the impression over recent years that it was indeed all about competition, but not about a social Europe, or that social Europe was getting lost on the way.
We feel very strongly about that.
Then we have the inaction by the British government, which chose not to impose any extra sanctions on stopping people from travelling, even though they knew they might cause trouble.
I want to tell you that we are going to take your ideas very seriously.
I also particularly appreciate the proposal made to amend the financial framework in order to invest during the next two years EUR 5 billion in developing the broadband infrastructure and connecting up Europe's power infrastructures.
However, we have to ensure that there is follow-up on these matters.
The problem is that the answer to the drought disaster in Afghanistan would be systematic, normal, broader-based development cooperation.
The result of the final vote (401 in favour; 220 against; 67 abstentions) shows how deeply divided MEPs are on this issue.
This House must make changes.
The substantial contribution of the European Parliament to the Barcelona Council has therefore not been limited to the specific sphere of economic reform, but has instead covered a wide range of different fields.
I doubt that people will accept such a policy.
So we have been very active on that.
I look forward to working closely with the incoming German Presidency and I should like to thank once again the Finnish Prime Minister, Mr Vanhanen, and all his team for their very serious, very committed and very energetic contribution to the progress of Europe.
The first and best solution is to open further the Chinese market to European exports of industrial and agricultural products and services and, at the same time, to mitigate aggressive Chinese exports of certain products, such as textiles today, tomorrow cars or other products.
I think that Mrs Karamanou is aware that, because of the need for division of labour between the international donors, the task of restoring health care in Kosovo has been entrusted to the World Health Organisation.
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the Council and Commission statements on the meeting of the World Trade Organisation in Qatar.
However, it is clearly just one more case on a continent such as Africa, where human rights are constantly violated.
However, this agreement is giving rise to serious threats, which are alarming the public, and the Commission must, of course, be aware of this.
The Informal Meeting to be held in Lahti on 20 October will provide another opportunity to raise some recurring issues, such as competitiveness, innovation, immigration and energy policy.
.
It is a totally incomprehensible law that says that Orthodox priests, bishops and patriarchs must be Turkish citizens.
In fact, there was no such risk. Existing European legislation governing the equal treatment of men and women only pertains to the sphere of work and is still lacking in many other areas which, especially if we compare it to the directive which we are discussing today with regard to racial discrimination, need attention as a matter of urgency.
Mr President, the Prestige disaster cast a harsh light on marine pollution.
With regard to the forthcoming institutional reform, it is highly desirable that Parliament's voice should be better heard, and that, in contrast to the former method, which was extremely inadequate, reform should be based on real interinstitutional dialogue, something which is perfectly expressed in paragraphs 8 and 12 of our resolution.
I also believe that, in full accordance with the principle of subsidiarity – of which you, in fact, wholeheartedly approve – the only thing we should ask of the Commission is that it create a legal framework for public services.

In its newly recast form, the Members' position does not guarantee what is vital in this negotiation: that there is not a repeat of the restrictive framework currently imposed by the richer countries of the EU in 2012 and 2013.
Many consumers are just not aware that GM food is sold in Europe or simply fall into the trap of illegible labels and end up not knowing what they buy.
On the contrary, the prizes are increasing.
Mr President, may I thank you for your very wise interpretation of your new powers in allowing us to make explanations of vote even if we did not put our name down for this report?
The idea that every sheep could be recorded with a 14-digit number when it is being moved is completely ridiculous.
It is also important to note that it is not only the European Parliament that prevents road victims.
The leaders include Sweden, which is aiming for 49%, and Finland and Portugal with a goal of 38%.
There needs to be provision for helping people into employment and this should be reflected in the guidelines under point 3.3.
The possibility of appeal will be assured - administrative appeal and judicial appeal - without discrimination on the basis of nationality or for any other reason.
Among other things, Mr Albertini correctly points out that the role of rail transport, particularly in the transport of goods, is not properly appreciated and its development is neglected.
Our Committee on Culture and Education considers it important to put digitisation and European catalogues at the centre of the ‘Media 2007’ programme.
rapporteur. - (DE) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, first of all I would like to thank everyone for their comments and suggestions.
We therefore accept the four amendments which have been proposed.
Do you think those who are not working now are not wondering if their children are at risk of being tomorrow's victims of paedophiles?
The steering committee says there is still no functioning certified herd scheme, not even in Northern Ireland.
In the Structural Funds, under spending is even starting to have structural implications.
I am delighted to say that the Commission is ready to take part in preparing the application of this Article, and the White Paper is an excellent precondition or step in this direction which, at the same time, does not prejudge but places sport more at the centre of cooperation both between countries and between sporting bodies in Europe.
The debate is closed.
Thirdly and finally, Mr President, when can retailers in border areas expect the VAT rates to converge?
I abstained because of the abovementioned contradictions in the report.
I want to come to the nub of the issue here before us.
During the past five years of this mandate 10 million people from all 15 European Union Member States have signed over 6 500 petitions.
However, life is not that simple.
Firstly, there is a reference to nuclear power which is not directly connected to the resolution' s main purpose.
Mr President, I look to you as a lawyer to give guidance to the House, and also to protect our interests.
The international community must make the Burmese authorities responsible for her well-being and the Red Cross must gain access to her.
In the context of what we know about the countries that do collect batteries, that seems reasonable.
Mr President, I would ask you to quote from the judgment of the Court of Human Rights.
It is the ideal country to lead our increasingly urgent endeavours for Balkan reconstruction and already President Ahtisaari has contributed a great deal to this process.
If it is the case that these guidelines are intended to reflect the objectives and the European dimension of structural fund policy, and therefore if they really do specify programming priorities, then quite clearly they should not be too numerous.
Pro-democracy dissidents and religious minorities are imprisoned, journalists are intimidated into silence, and the liberties we take for granted here in Europe, such as an uncensored internet, simply do not exist.
This is an intolerable situation and that is the reason why we have spent the last few years working hard to ensure greater safety on the roads.
As far as Europe by Satellite is concerned, the Commission has always seen this as a leading source of interinstitutional information, which it will strive to develop in line with the budget provided.
It is therefore of major importance that allowance be made in social legislation for the fact that Sundays are to be maintained as days of rest within the European Union.
The excessive nature of the proposed directive can be illustrated by the curious and incomprehensible opinion expressed by the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, which on the one hand supports the proposal as a whole in the name of the sacred slogan of liberalisation of the internal aftermarket, while on the other it says that 'the abolition of design protection is contrary to internationally recognised principles of intellectual property protection and would constitute a dangerous precedent for the protection of intellectual property rights in other areas as well at a time when the European Union has undertaken, in particular within the WTO, to press for the acceptance by third countries of a protection regime for intellectual property rights which would put an end to imitation and counterfeiting'.
The competent services have informed me that tomorrow' s list of subjects will be rather lengthy.
That concludes the vote.
People in the Central Highlands are suffering badly as well as the Catholic Hmong people and the Mennonite followers in the country.
I congratulate you, and want to express my respect for you, on having got the constitutional project out of the pack ice; that showed leadership, that was a freestyle performance on thin ice.
Madam President, as we all know, this technique is deeply controversial.
But that vitality and growth are achieved by free enterprise, encouraging initiative and adopting the use of the new technologies.
We are conscious of the fact, however, that we cannot sit back indefinitely.
I voted for this initiative report by the European Parliament which calls on Member States to think about the possibility of scrapping legal retirement ages but which also provides the broad outlines of a policy enabling us to fight against discrimination, to set lifelong learning as a goal, to promote a reflection on new ways of organising work within businesses - particularly with a view to reducing stress.
The so-called willingness of the regime in Belgrade to start talking to the Albanians may sound beautiful in Moscow, but the hard reality is one of brutal repression and ethnic cleansing.
The Laeken European Council will, no doubt, or, at least, that seems the most likely road, appoint a president, assisted by a bureau made up of at least one member of each component of the convention and assisted by a secretariat.
   Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to congratulate all of the rapporteurs and, in particular, Mr Galeote and Mr Berend, on the precision of their reports and the quality of their listening skills.
On the other hand, it is also necessary to ensure the transparency in the organisation and funding of this initiative, and the initiative must remain an expression of the citizens themselves rather than political or other groups.
The experience of our various presidencies and of observing the successive presidencies of other countries has taught me two things.
I would first of all address a comment to the rapporteur.
This is our obligation, and if those attacks and the provocation intensify, the European Union and the European Parliament will be obliged to stand by Columbia, to be with Columbia and to support Columbia in a conflict with Venezuela which, I fear, may soon begin.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, thank you for this very timely debate on a situation that deserves all our attention.
We have come a long way. A few tricky points remain under discussion, however.
In any case, we need to make it clear that more attention needs to be focused on small and medium-sized enterprises as the 'true' employers.
They are not only an answer to crises but also necessary to prevent crises in our globalised world.
Indeed, in the present climate where American airlines enjoy massive financial handouts, tax breaks and state aid, it is grossly unfair to expect Europe's airlines to survive, let alone compete, when they are currently compelled to pay for new increased security measures.
We would therefore make it absolutely clear that the right to free abortion cannot be presented to the candidate countries as a criterion for entry into the EU.
Finally, with regard to the transatlantic Summit at the end of this month, it is very important to demonstrate the will of both sides to once again take up our responsibilities within a multilateral context, particularly at a time when there are signs of hope in the Middle East peace process and an opportunity to work for the future of the United Nations.
A lot of good endeavours have been carried out.
Mr President, a driving licence entitles the holder to move freely in a motor vehicle within the European Union.
Not only the Commission, but Member States, too, must take measures to simplify the red tape involved with the common agricultural policy.
In accordance with the better regulation principles, the Commission will work closely with the Member States during this transposition period in order to facilitate timely and correct dispositions and uniform applications.
We now need that large majority.
In view of the unsatisfactory text produced by the Commission, the rapporteur has done a good job, but further action must not be limited to contributions to discussion.
It is a matter of urgency to bring this strategy of scapegoats to an end. Using immigration for political purposes is dangerous, and only serves to strengthen and lend credibility to those who favour a populist policy based on exclusion and xenophobia.
We are responsible for guaranteeing that the conditions for its implementation are created with the necessary clarity, effectiveness and speed.
I would like to congratulate Jean Lambert, the rapporteur on that report.
Tell us, and you will find support from us if you are transparent and open with us.
In the European Union we do not have a common language.
However, the budget authority last year approved 10 financial contributions from the EGF amounting, in total, to EUR 52 349 000, which represents just 10.5% of the maximum annual sum that can be used from this fund.
Strengthening of border controls, the position of Kaliningrad, attention to nuclear safety and so on and so forth. One thing we have not yet mentioned since Parliament's guidelines and since the budget was printed, is the disturbing development of SARS all over the world.
In the process, however, the advantages have been lost sight of to some extent.
How can we accept carrying out tests to create so-called ‘humane’ traps on animals themselves?
EU enlargement and the fate of a nation must not be tied to resolving a bilateral dispute over borders.
I should not, in a way, mind it if we in Denmark were to obtain reforms whereby future payments were better at reflecting the individual's responsibility for the common good and whereby the costs of social security arrangements were made clearer, that is to say through an increase in the number of earmarked contributions.
Support for the candidate countries is waning, and several Member States, leading politicians and parties are speaking of waiting or postponing on the grounds that 'we are not ready'.
No I cannot and, above all, I will not do so, for major reasons of principle.
That is quite a coup when our own procedures which, moreover, were basically established by the Council and the European Parliament, impose upon us de facto timescales of several years between the time when the agreement was reached and the time when it will actually be implemented.
But is the Hungarian Government at home?
What is civil society?
How rigid is this system that the Financial Perspective gives us?
An example of this, which was quoted only this summer, is the fact that even the Dutch Queen receives subsidies for creating an olive tree plantation in Italy.
Indeed, the fact that the Commission can accept in whole or in part 85 of the 113 amendments shows our willingness to take on board Parliament's substantial policy contributions and our confidence that together we will be able to get this important programme off the ground as quickly as possible.
I would also point out that, in accordance with Rule 13(1), a candidate must obtain an absolute majority of the votes cast in the first three ballots in order to be elected.
I am talking about even the most basic rights such as, for example, the right to be able to have a drink, to be able to make a telephone call, to be able to contact friends or relatives.
- (NL) I am pleased with the report by Mr Graça Moura, the rapporteur, and I am grateful to him that my amendments have been adopted.
I would ask that this be clarified and dealt with as soon as possible by the Bureau because this means we are entering the summer recess with a completely unclear situation with regard to the delegations and this must not happen in this Parliament.
Is it the Canadian courts or those in the European Union?
Nonetheless, there is no guarantee that this historic precedent will be repeated, whatever the efforts and safety valves.
Our intention is to consolidate the European air sector; in no way do we intend to weaken it.
So do I, for I applaud the fact that the Commission has been so quick in getting this proposal on the table and implementing Article 13.
Thank you for your comprehensive answer.
Our concern should be particularly focused on the most disadvantaged of our citizens, those who will, without any doubt, suffer the most from the effect of the financial turmoil.
Although there are still two regulations, there is only one fund, which means that structural intervention can be properly dealt with in the fisheries sector.
On our side of the Atlantic, tens of thousands of demonstrators in Athens, Rome, Berlin, Paris, Amsterdam, Prague, Barcelona, Stockholm, Istanbul and elsewhere raised their voices in protest against the warmongering plans of the American and European imperialists.
What we are discussing today are implementing acts, and this regulation does not prejudge in any way whether we should use delegated or implementing acts in the future.
It is for this reason intolerable that in future years the EU budget will cut spending in areas that affect the quality of life of its inhabitants, including in particular healthcare.
This is because, today, there are still genuine obstacles to the perfection of the internal market, genuine obstacles to the four freedoms laid down in the Treaty, precisely because we do not have a clear legal basis.
It has now been confirmed, once again, that the sessions of the European Parliament will mainly be held in Strasbourg, committee work will take place in Brussels and administration will remain in Luxembourg.
One important point in the Pompidou report relates to setting up a research exchange programme with the emerging economies.
I hope that this report by Parliament, especially if it is not watered down too much tomorrow, will help you to reconsider your social agenda.
Furthermore, historically, citizens of any country – and the UK in particular – who in times of war went abroad and fought against their own armed forces or their allies were potentially indictable for treason, historically a capital offence and even today a very serious offence.
I would just like to say that, with regard to the specific case of China, we must remember that, once again, this House has stated that it is not in favour of lifting the arms embargo in the current circumstances.
However, I have two reservations.
In 1948, it adopted the International Declaration on Human Rights.
What has happened, however, is that experimental technology has been used to create animal-human hybrids and chimeras.
Consumers often lack confidence because they do not know what is happening.
Not because I believe, like Mr von Habsburg, that support for any government which is moderate in matters of religion - whether we like it or not - is a good thing for curbing Islamic fundamentalism, but rather because I believe in openness and in the capacity of citizens who are ever more free to overcome such problems.
Allow me to begin with a phrase used by Mr Verhofstadt.
I thank the Commissioner for his response.
This is reflected in the priorities contained in the draft Community strategic guidelines for 2007-2013, which seek to provide a balance between the twin objectives of the growth and jobs agenda and territorial cohesion.
The European Union is fortunately a staunch supporter of the Criminal Court, but the United States is its most radical opponent.
In any case, this is the direction I propose in my report and the one in which I hope a large majority of Parliament will follow me.
These decisions have a strong impact on the lives of the people concerned and Member States, and they must therefore be taken in a way which is completely transparent.
There are calls for increased selfmedication in a great many countries, when health systems come under review.
It has been a great pleasure working with Javier Solana over the last five years.
In order to avoid misunderstandings, I have to again tell you, Mr Trakatellis, in the clearest terms that there is as yet no binding promise by the Bulgarian government that Blocks 3 and 4 will be decommissioned by 2006; there is, rather, an agreement that the decision on decommissioning these blocks will be taken earlier than the Bulgarian government originally planned.
Ladies and gentlemen, achieving the enormous task that must be accomplished over the next few years will only be possible if we prove capable of restoring the values that inspired those true revolutionaries who founded the European Community on the basis of two golden rules: the replacement of confrontation with agreement and compromise; and the promotion of dialogue as a means of achieving greater freedom and equality.
Concerning the issue of red tape, this will not create a new burden for enterprises because we are using existing administrative and statistical data.
You have shown great resilience, Madam, and a deep understanding of the needs of asylum seekers and of the challenges faced by national administrations.
The institutions have played their part to the full because, over and above the exemplary nature of those meetings, we are going to use this interinstitutional agreement to provide our fellow citizens with the practical resources needed to give full effect to Europe and to the powers it has in terms of development and solidarity.
(PL) Mr President, the reform of the sugar market is one of those reforms whose sense is very hard to explain to farmers in the European Union, including farmers in my country, Poland.
This adds up to a heavy burden for the peoples.
I would like to hear the advocates of an integrated Europe making as much noise as we hear its opponents doing.
Thank you very much, Mrs Seillier.
To do otherwise would be to fail in providing security for its citizens and that must be the prime concern of any government.
I am aware that this is a subject that has long been a priority area for the EU and, as such, I endorse the amendments tabled by the rapporteur.
Moreover, it is hoped that Jordan will act as a catalyst for scientific cooperation in its region.
At the same time he called on the Chinese authorities urgently to release protesters who had peacefully expressed their opinions.
Initial estimates as to the number of people who would benefit from the fund at the time of its creation have long been exceeded.
Does the Commission think that there will be never be any revision?
in writing. - (PT) I voted in favour of rejecting the Council common position as I consider that it does not respect the legitimate rights of workers.
The other day, the OECD, which is not, of course, an environmental organisation, pronounced that 'All major global ecological indicators are negative'.
The report on which we voted today, whose content I support, proposes improved coordination between the Member States' medical and social services, and the people around those suffering from Alzheimer's, such as healthcare professionals, relatives or private charities.
(HU) Mr President, this gives me the opportunity to explain the two specific proposals that I have.
I would also like to mention that further action is needed to support the development of technology, to streamline standardisation and certification work, and for the introduction of security in government use and better international cooperation.
You can therefore count on us to do whatever is necessary during all council meetings of the next couple of days and weeks.
- It is not third countries that are responsible for the closure of businesses and the loss of jobs; it is the EU, which is at the head of the queue to promote competition and liberalisation of international trade and which maintains the euro at a level that harms manufacturing and exporting, as in the case of footwear.
Clarity has always been an issue.
Perhaps such a new evaluation mechanism would help prevent some of the differences of opinion and lack of confidence in the current system which we are hearing not only in this Chamber but right across Europe at the present time.
National accounts cover environmental considerations based on economic performance and the creation of prosperity.
Another positive factor is the progress achieved by Europe since the Amsterdam Treaty was signed.
That is what you will find in the new Framework Programme: elements contributing greatly to structuring a European Research Area.
North Korea's action is a threat to regional stability because it might trigger a regional arms race, which is highly undesirable.
Everything shows, Madam President, that this new parliamentary institution set up in the Maastricht agreements, has started off in the right direction.
We should reassure them from this Chamber in the European Parliament in Strasbourg that we are in solidarity with them and sympathise with the victims, and that we hope that this destructive flood will recede as soon as possible.
That is a cause for concern.
A motion for a resolution was adopted and an oral question tabled in July along with the relevant motion for a resolution.
When it is a matter of zero-sum games being played with agriculture in the EU or a spiralling dive to fund enlargement, we pass the problem of maize quotas in Agenda 2000 talks on to Finnish dairy farmers.
In any event - and this could serve as a summary of the debate - we cannot restrict our cooperation with third countries to purely trade and economic issues.
- Before the vote:
Finally, we reached a consensus last week that this report should avoid mentioning the rumours regarding the secret activities of the CIA.
The vote will take place on Thursday at 10.00 a.m.
And I have no doubt that some day in the future they will be back again if the occasion arises.
We must make sure that we mainstream disabled people; that all legislation takes account of the specific needs of disabled people, whether they are wheelchair users, someone with a visual impairment, someone with a hearing impairment, someone with a learning difficulty, or someone with a mental health problem.
   Madam President, as the honourable Member knows, all the industries and all the elements in the chain are obliged to label and indicate the existence of genetically-modified organisms in the composition of a product.
Our actions have even included the use of certain instruments that have sparked a certain amount of public debate. I am, of course, referring to the early warning system applied in Germany and Portugal, where I feel that, although we are not happy with the procedure - and as a member of the Commission I have stated this on more than one occasion - we are satisfied with the proposed objective.
Some Community producers are themselves partly producing outside the Community.
Mrs Villiers devoted much of her time to opposing the decision to steer the developments in the direction of having a single European supervisor.
This is a debate which looks to the future, the future of the European Union and the strengthening of its institutions and, in particular, the European Commission, whose central role in European construction cannot be called into question.
Thank you very much, Commissioner Vitorino.
on behalf of the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. - Mr President, last Monday, the United Nations operations in Côte d'Ivoire and French Licorne troops proceeded to neutralise the heavy weaponry that was concentrated in the hands of former President Laurent Gbagbo.
We are not prepared to do so, furthermore, for the simple reason that they are – that we are – women without power.
Mr President, an analysis of the urban environment in Europe was undertaken in the excellent Commission Green Book of 1990, together with the parameters of a general approach at the European level, and we commented on that in my report in 1991.
I urge all Members to approve the directive by a 70% vote; it is time to liberate the potential of the sector, which ensures our wellbeing, from a bureaucratic grip and take a firm, even if a small, step forward.
I am concerned, however, when I see that the proposed text gives further consideration to this idea, which threatens people's freedoms.
Following the fall of the Taliban, there are nonetheless signs of improvement.
Mr President, I imagine that the vast majority of Members of this House have not even noticed the Inglewood report sitting so closely in the shadow of the two Corbett reports as it does.
According to data given in the 2009 report by the EMCDDA, it was shown that the situation has deteriorated, especially in relation to drugs such as cocaine and heroin, and to new synthetic drugs, and it has seen persistently high levels of consumption and a spiralling upward trend in this regard.
   Mr President, as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality on the guidelines for employment policy, I am saddened by the absence of our most original ideas in the final report presented by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
The Europe of the Maastricht Treaty - with its rationale, its working methods and its policies - is a machine designed to crush peoples and nations in a kind of historic, cultural, social and economic revisionism, which seeks to impose on the real Europe - rich in the culture of its peoples and nations - a single, reductive and destructive model.
Sometimes I have the impression of being in a religious community rather than a parliament.
The Council particularly urged the Cuban Government to release unconditionally all political prisoners, including those who were detained in 2003, and we expressed our concerns for the prisoners and their health condition.
That premise must now be called into question.
As for content, it is most important to consider the objectives in the major areas, the direction in which the European Union is going, and the fundamental role the citizens play in this development.
I would suggest that in some respects that is like waiting for Godot.
At the same time, public financial resources other than official development assistance are going to be provided to developing countries, in order to help them, among other things, to combat climate change.
This is particularly important, since the Council's strategy is still heavily marked by repression and a reluctance to accept responsibility.
One cause for particular concern is that some types of inaccuracy are repeated year on year, despite critical comments from the Court of Auditors and the European Parliament.
We are one of Russia's good customers, we pay for this pipeline through Ukraine, we pay our bills on time and we pay global prices for the gas.
Although not many people have heard this remark, that does not matter because it is well known that this is how we work.
The Commission's legislative programme is good; Mr Vitorino's proposals are good, they are clearly structured in the scoreboard, a timetable has been laid down for their application and we can talk about them and debate them.
Preventing the financing of terrorism and tracking clues that such transactions may leave behind can both prevent terrorist crimes and be important in the investigation of such crimes.
As far as the points on extradition that could be stated in this agreement are concerned, I would like to draw attention to the European Union' s unchanging position regarding cooperation with countries in which the death penalty is still in force.
Citizens must be able to acquire a full understanding of our activities.
We call for the immediate release of Farai Maguwu and we appeal to European diplomacy to consider the option of adopting tough sanctions against the Harare regime in order to make it stop the maltreatment of human rights activists and put an end to the bloody slavery of the diamond fields.
I believe that the regulatory authorities, as selected and decided by the Commission, especially the energy regulatory authorities, play an important role in maintaining their independence from the competition committee.
There can be no disputing the need for adaptation to comply with the requirements of the directive, which introduces a ban on conventional cages, but we should give all Member States the same amount of time to implement it.
Further discussions with Mrs Theato enabled us to reach a united, compromise position, which we hope will be endorsed in the Chamber this morning.
The EU says it is committed to reforming the World Trade Organisation but a first place to start would be to reform the decision-making machinery of the EU itself.
The timetable for appointing the Commission must be established without delay, but at the same time we must ensure that we adhere to the objectives Parliament has for reforming it.
Consequently, I earnestly hope that due regard will be paid to urban-related issues in all Community policies, not just in cohesion policy.
The Commission shares the UN Security Council's call for all states concerned, in particular Zimbabwe and Rwanda, to conduct investigations and to take appropriate measures in relation to their nationals cited in the report, where the circumstances are justified.
The proclamation of independence may therefore cause destabilisation in, say, Bosnia and Herzegovina, from which provinces settled by Serbs may wish to detach themselves.
I urge you to discuss your ideas, which are articulated in the report, with the expert group.
We are no longer competing country against country, but as Europeans, as Europe, because the other players are the size of China, India, the United States and the emerging countries.
That is why, Mr Pohjamo, I would like to express my sincere thanks to you for the time that you have taken, for your initiative in drawing up this report on the current management of Structural Funds.
The United Kingdom Government has been left with no alternative than to take plasma products from paid sources to avoid putting United Kingdom citizens' lives at risk.
We must create conditions which encourage self-starting and independent initiative.
France had undertaken to reduce its public spending and to make tax cuts.
Given the circumstances, a two-year period for the introduction of the proposed actions should not be necessary.
It is also important that the local ombudsman in Chechnya is seen to be carrying out his duties impartially and effectively.
Secondly, we must make a critical evaluation of what we have already created, and of the effectiveness of implementing the strategies we have adopted.
The day before yesterday, seven members of these communities were murdered. I am in possession of the details of the names and ages of the victims.
Mr Barroso, at the G8 summit, the participants debated their commitments to the neighbourhood policy in the Mediterranean.
Culture has not come out of the budget process as well as it wished, but we are doing rather better than the Council of Ministers' proposal and have figures close to the 1999 level.
I know that you share these objectives, and therefore hope that we can count on your support for taking this forward.
I would, however, like to stress certain aspects that are of concern to us; mainly the delay in the agreement with the United States.
For the first time, trade union movements have succeeded in bringing thousands of workers out into the streets: that is a sign that should be taken very seriously.
We had an earnest, detailed discussion which reached a number of conclusions.
Another free zone could be the fact that the Rome Treaty establishing the International Criminal Court continues to be treated by some countries, particularly the United States, as extremely insignificant.
The question is, and I agree with previous speakers here: have we learnt our lesson from this accident, have we finally understood that human error is always there, lying in ambush waiting to strike?
In 2009, the Union adopted Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 which aims to regulate the activities of agencies to protect investors and European financial markets against the risk of malpractice.
The European Union has already achieved a great deal in this respect, but it needs to do even more.
If that is so, how can the Commission ensure a swift review of the case when it took 18 months to make any statement on the complaint?
That is what is being developed with, obviously, different levels of contribution from the various parties involved.
I say that with the decisions of the European Council on the table here.
The ad hoc tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda have certainly served to further demonstrate, if that were possible, the need to set up this international criminal court.
Mr President, my colleague, Mrs Svensson, will speak on the subject of the Swedish Presidency.
For example, a cartoon connection between the EU and Latin America and Canada for training and developing a cartoon specialist.
I have taken all the measures available to me to help resolve matters.
I therefore think that Mr Basescu’s demand that two chapters should be reopened for negotiations is highly risky.
I therefore believe that close monitoring by the European Parliament - especially through Commissioner Ashton's statement - is absolutely necessary.
I hope that this reply will help the Member.
The Council also welcomed the launch of a strategic dialogue on Asia with the United States and Japan.
The implementation of the Nabucco project, the construction of liquefied gas terminals in European ports, investments in safer nuclear power stations, boosting energy efficiency and increasing the use of renewable energy must feature among the joint priority actions aimed at increasing the EU's energy security.
So we will be supporting amendments 1, 2, 6, 18 and 19.
Madam President, Egypt has no tradition of democracy.
Unfortunately, the information is not very specific.
They said that monetary union is a political project, that the integration involved in monetary union is irreversible and that monetary union must be followed by the next steps towards integration.
The United Kingdom Presidency has indicated that it will give these proposals a high priority, and discussion on this proposal commenced in the Council during July.
With regard to the local elections, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to highlight the fact that the Council is encouraging Algeria to follow the path of democratization and to respect the next date for the elections - as you know these are local elections - which is expected to be 23 October, following the presidential elections of 1995, the revision of the constitution in 1996 and the general elections in June of this year.
I must welcome that very wide support, because if it is confirmed by Parliament in plenary we shall be able to participate fully in the work currently being done by the Commission on drawing up a communication for next autumn on internal market strategy for the twenty-first century, and to influence that work to the full.
I was struck by the contradiction in tone between the explanatory statement and the content of the resolution. They are radically different.
We support President Obama's commitment to multilateral engagement with the European Union.
Consequently, this legislative document does not prevent Member States from adopting shorter payment periods or harsher penalties.
With regard to the reference to the cultural economy and new technologies, this should also be included in the Lisbon report, and my view is that we will be able to use these bases to boost employment substantially.
I voted for the Kaufmann report because of the need to make it clear that the European Judicial Network is a necessity, since it has functioned effectively over the last ten years in conjunction with the system of judicial assistance.
Secondly, I would like to ask the Prime Minister to confirm that Danish development aid in 2002 is firstly the second highest amount in Denmark's history, and secondly the highest amount that any country has provided relative to that country's gross national product.
I cannot help wondering whether we should not be trying to solve quite different problems there at the present time, rather than helping to build two light water reactors.
We need to assign responsibilities to all the sectors involved in information and communication technologies in order to create a culture of security.
I can tell you the facts of the matter.
I therefore wish to limit legislative ambitions in future and slow down the process to some extent.
It is highly important to have absolutely transparent scrutiny of funds allocated to the fight against tuberculosis in order not to repeat the Latvian situation.
I feel that here too, on the eve of the conclusion of the Intergovernmental Conference in the Netherlands.
The Commission's role of counterbalancing the two legislative bodies is in itself an element of regulatory coherence and consistency, with its constant emphasis on the rationale behind proposed legislation.
The idea of granting the EU its own tax competence – the keyword is the ‘Europe tax’ – is being discussed.
Mr President, if there is anything this Parliament can do, with its long history of opposition to the death penalty, I implore you to do so by writing to the President of Pakistan appealing for clemency.
We have not yet been able to find a solution.
Conversion to other crops must be intensified and made more attractive.
We hope that the subject of human rights which you mentioned will include the codification, or at least an acknowledgement, of the rights of minorities and will not be confined to non-discrimination, for as far as minorities are concerned non-discrimination is certainly not enough.
During this debate it has at times been difficult to distinguish heat from light.
In the Netherlands, the emissions from 1990 until this year have increased by 8 %, while they should decrease by 10 % by the year 2010.
In order to curb the impunity and complacency that pervade this industry, I voted in favour of this report.
I could quite easily go on like this for a while and fill my 3 minutes very quickly.
Mr President, I agree with many of the points raised so far, so allow me to look at two more general points which I believe are relevant.
The Union has not only the expertise but also the ability to become the most efficient donor.
Some parties, for example, the German Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology, claim that these are - and I quote - 'non-critical items'.
In eight years' time, tattoos will become illegal and our hamsters and guinea pigs will be welcome in all the Member States, and it will not be long before we have a budget heading for asylum-seeking animals.
Until now, as I recall, it was a fact of terrorism, albeit not of war, that children were not attacked.
I believe we all agree with the overall and overriding priority of a resumption of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations - not negotiations for negotiations' sake, but negotiations to achieve a peace deal and turn the page.
Mr President, allow me to thank all the esteemed Members of Parliament for their contributions.
At the beginning of his term in office, President Medvedev made a public commitment to strengthen the rule of law in Russia and raised concerns over the independence of Russia's judiciary and legal system.
We in the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe are delighted to have our colleagues here in the form of observers.
We have thus voted against the report in question.
In the way it disseminates information, the Commission represents dictatorship by the majority, or democracy is measured by the attitude the majority adopt when lending an ear to the minorities.
That is in line with the draft resolution.
Mr President, Hungary has commemorated the 50th anniversary of the 1956 revolution.
It is not just a case of my staff constantly having dealt with these issues and addressed these questions at every level; we have also made it perfectly clear that, if these projects are blocked and cannot be completed shortly, then there will be no funding for them.
In paragraph 41, the amount should be EUR 3 398 000.
In the meantime, I believe we must be very pleased with the outcome of these discussions, not, Madam President, that it was always very easy to arrive at an outcome.
This is unacceptable.
We should not go down this dangerous road.
There are after all many other regions in the EU in similar situations.
That is my speech.
As far as the ESF is concerned, the close alignment of its priorities with the Employment Guidelines provides for a direct link between EU employment policy priorities and EU financial support.
While all countries see development aid as a means of combating illegal immigration, cooperation budgets are reduced and, with not one bit of responsibility accepted for training, there are no qualms about participating in the brain drain.
We can either come into politics to name, shame, moan and whinge, or to try and solve a problem.
I am aware that Parliament's Committee on Foreign Affairs recently took part in a fruitful workshop on European Union-India relations, which was attended by a number of experts.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
The proposal would slowly kill off small and medium-sized livestock enterprises, which are struggling to survive, particularly as a result of the steep increases in feed prices.
First we had the Exxon Valdez and the Erika and then the Prestige, but the report also has political prestige written all over it, and has had since 1976.
Research into the cause of a wide range of new illnesses, such as allergies, is still in its infancy; despite this fact, foodstuffs are still being irradiated.
The structural pre-accession instrument keeps being compared with the Cohesion Fund.
in writing. - We voted against CCCTB but did not want to defeat other important aspects of this report.
This could mean a CO2 tax, a levy on value added or a tax on speculative capital movements.
We need to keep moving steadily forward on the course we have set.
Mrs Kinnock, I am pleased that we agree on the importance of renewing the common position.
This ensured that there was a constant flow of information, which meant that the MEPs could achieve more.
In Madrid, in January, I addressed the first-ever international conference for the victims of terror.
Does the Commission intend to establish the means to protect its economic policy, to counter the disadvantages to which European industry is exposed by the Echelon system?
Things change.
It is regrettable that this resolution chooses to disregard that fact by insisting that emissions must not be reduced through the use of nuclear energy.
In accordance with the conclusions of 10 December 2001, on the repercussions of the terrorist threat on the European Union' s non-proliferation, disarmament and arms control policies, the Union intends to actively promote the global and effective application of multilateral instruments in the field of non-proliferation, disarmament and arms control.
If there is a feeling that Article 43 should also be included because we are dealing with disparate products, that can naturally be done too.
What I think matters most is that we contribute to a plan of action, whose aim is to help us reach a new awareness of technology, so that new economic opportunities may be created for Europe.
The American judicial system has failed to inform him of the rights which he in fact has.
There are three points that I would like to highlight.
Can we safeguard work for all Europeans?
They weaken the compromise, particularly those aimed at narrowing the scope of the IPPC, the application of the BAT and the requirements for large combustion plants.
If it is still possible, I should like to ask for that to be arranged, but the more important point to me is the voting sequence.
We hope that you will consent to it.
This proposal is about giving greater responsibility to shipowners by strengthening the liability scheme.
In the south of France and in Corsica, small quantities are produced, compared with our Italian, Spanish and Greek neighbours.
Finally, I would like to thank all of those who have been very generous in their praise of the Commissioner and of the Council in finally putting to bed this very important piece of legislation.
The Minutes of yesterday' s sitting have been distributed.
In road and rail transport, it forms part of the public service and is also the basis for the mobility we want for all citizens; with 6 million employed and 3 million self-employed workers, it also represents an important branch of employment.
On Thursday, we shall be voting on a balanced opening-up of the internal market.
   Mr President, the Member States must meet their financial commitments and adopt the Financial Perspective as soon as possible.
So I do not believe the OSCE mission should be withdrawn. I do believe, however, that it needs protecting and that we must do our utmost to strengthen the troops who are in the region, especially in Macedonia, in FYROM, which will be a means of protecting the OSCE.
I hope that Parliament, which has always believed in the myth of the zero growth of officials despite the multiplication in their duties, will accept the Commission' s proposals and objectives and will also step up its monitoring tasks and its role.
This, Mr Santer, comes right back to you.
There are a million starving people in the world, and aid will of course flow as needed, but the arguments behind the Commission's proposal have become obsolete in six months.
They can also produce counterproductive reactions in the markets and cause disruption.
I also think it is wise on the Commission's part to place just the regulatory activities on a supranational footing.
The citizens and the European Parliament want a democracy, not a technocracy.
I also share the rapporteur’s view that restructuring is nothing new.
Thank you very much.
Let me draw your attention in particular to the need to support women teachers, for we must not allow them to continue to be disadvantaged in a technical world often dominated by men.
On the other, rather less has been achieved concerning productivity.
And I would hope, Commissioner, that you also share this approach.
If I understood right, you were just thanking me for my reply and informing us that you would remain attentive to the situation in Belarus.
However, there is one problem.
But if one takes all the directives, regulations, and all the acts of the European Communities, and everybody knows there are a lot of them, they account for a considerable thickness of the Official Journal of the European Communities, every year.
The same is envisaged by the US in the security sector.
Without such indicators it is very difficult to assess the application of the different measures by the different Member States and to see whether this learning process, which we are undergoing jointly, is achieving the intended objectives.
Finally, as far as small- and medium-sized businesses are concerned, the matter of the patent is a crucial factor, quite apart from more specific elements.
Sound management can also be undermined if cost-cutting takes the easy way out and targets administration.
We are mobilising existing survey, analysis, competence and support centres for the development of knowledge and observation regarding tourism.
Now, however, we need to revise the regulation, to ensure consistency between all the elements of the legislative framework.
It is important as it will ensure the continuity of Community tuna activities in the Gulf of Guinea.
They seem to be engaging in a self-fulfilling prophecy.
(PL) Mr President, the universal nature of European art shows the need to give schools back their roles as the main centres for spreading culture.
The ballot of these 120 youngsters gave the following result: 100 girls out of 120 voted against accession while the other 20 abstained.
It is also extremely important that we collate data and develop strategies on patient mobility.
The United Kingdom has a long-standing mandatory reporting scheme, MORS, currently established under Article 117 of the Air Navigation Order and administered by the CAA.
I think that a clear distinction must certainly be made between patents on inventions and patents on discoveries, especially since biological riches are concentrated in the countries of the South, in tropical areas, because, otherwise, we will once again see the countries of the South being plundered so that major laboratories of industrialised nations can benefit.
Society must, then, also provide the tools and conditions to enable women to go out to work, something that is a pre-requisite for their emancipation.
In addition, the immunity of individual members of parliament is regulated in an extremely ambiguous way.
Ideally, of course, President Bashir should be forced to resign and be handed directly to the International Criminal Court.
At this stage, what can be said?
Elections in themselves do not make a country democratic.
in writing. - (EL) The New Democracy group of MEPs voted today in favour of the six proposals in the new economic governance package.
This year, we are going to award the Sakharov Prize, the symbol of the European Parliament's commitment to human rights.
I fully share the view that cohesion policy is essential to reducing internal EU disparities on the one hand and closing the gap between the European regions and the world-leading economies on the other.
I believe with the forthcoming PNR package we have a unique opportunity to get it right.
I hope that you will take a stronger stance and come back with a stronger answer when you have considered the full implementation of your key negotiating standards.
Can we allow ourselves to be concerned only with our own happiness when it produces unhappiness for so many others?
Finnish Minister for Foreign Affairs Tuomioja, too, has already announced that dialogue will be a key preoccupation of the Finnish Presidency.
The United States and India are to be blamed for the collapse of the July ministerial talks.
Incidentally, is Hamas also responsible for the media blackout that I have not yet heard anyone condemn?
The EU supports wholeheartedly the objectives laid down in the Treaty and is committed to the effective implementation of the final document of the 2000 NPT review conference and the decisions and resolution adopted at the 1995 Review and Extension Conference.
Which country is threatening Europe?
Of course, only experience will tell us if we are heading into an incomprehensible mosaic or a situation that guarantees legal certainty and, I might say, unity of law within the single European market.
This will be extremely detrimental to some institutions because the legislations are very different in the area of restrictions.
The Union needs more resources if we are to realise our ambitions.
Like you, I believe that there are huge areas for possible improvements.
This development would be in contradiction to our vision of a Union which is an association of states, to which the Members freely pay annual contributions.
Children under three years of age cannot read and even children up to the age of six are not really capable of reading and even if they are, are they really competent to make decisions on this?
Trade policy negotiations must take practical account of all the conventions, such as the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Thus, Europe does not only bear a certain responsibility, being one of the main contributors to pollution and greenhouse gas emissions, but also has a particular interest in the Arctic, since it will have to deal with the consequences of the changes taking place there from environmental and climate-change issues to the geopolitics of shipping routes and security of supply of resources.
Are you surprised that our economy is stagnating?
The essence of the solution is in the hands of the French themselves.
The events of recent weeks show that this must be brought forward.
A sound industrial policy is needed, but not economic nationalism.
I would just like to express once more three minor reservations, because if I remember rightly, we had the same debate about the Bosnian situation.
   . Mr President, I am glad that there is such interest in sport and football.
Some countries rely on ground water, others on surface water.
It may even be that more spending is required.
   Mr President, in relation to our common European task where energy policy is concerned, there are two things that are important to define and that I think we have to clarify.
On 2 October 2010, David Kato's name and picture, along with the names and pictures of other alleged LGBT persons, were published by a Ugandan tabloid, the Rolling Stone, under the headline 'Hang them', shamelessly putting their lives at risk.
Someone commented, and I entirely agree, that the situation is worse in the rich Member States than in the poor.
The Commission's report on the safety of Temelin also confirms that Austria's misgivings about the reactor are justified.
The resolution that we will adopt in May very much reflects those things that specifically concern the protection of our citizens, both their data and their judicial remedies, including extraterritorial protection, particularly when their rights could be violated extraterritorially.
President Chirac took umbrage and, as a consequence, the French Government has been wondering in the National Assembly how it can muzzle the European Parliament and prevent it from delivering any future opinions on human rights and the third pillar.
Today plenary amended the Commission's initial proposal, which was tailored to the pharmaceutical industry.
I do believe that we must be extremely careful that the small delegations do not feel excluded.
Sanctions such as withdrawing all visas for the leaders and their families.
Agenda of the next sitting: see Minutes
I shall therefore put this to the vote now.
That is why I hope the House will approve the amendment by the Group of the European People' s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats and the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party which upholds the principle of free and voluntary donation on the one hand, but allows a transitional phase for achieving that principle on the other.
Ladies and gentlemen, we urgently need concrete measures.
At the moment Sri Lanka benefits from the GSP+. There are no indications that it would stop benefiting from GSP arrangements in the future.
We believe that the European Parliament should involve itself more in this process.
I wish to conclude by reconfirming that the Commission will make available any kind of technical support required for your rapporteur to bring the ad hoc procedure to a successful conclusion for the 1997 budget.
At the same time, however, the 3.6 million farmers living in the new Member States face even greater problems.
The Games are an outstanding opportunity for the Chinese people to come into contact with sporting and cultural values from the rest of the world.
We must try to encourage this, and it is vital that more resources should be provided so that the applicant countries can take part in the process.
There are now already a lot of obstacles to its doing so.
Secondly, we must work for the full integration of immigrants, since that is the only way we can prevent rootlessness, marginalisation and the conflicts which, to an increasing degree and with greater frequency, are arising within our societies; an integration which has a dual meaning –– for the society of destination and for the migrants themselves –– but which, in any event, must be an integral and fundamental part of our common policy.
As Foreign Minister at the time when visa requirements for Bulgaria were lifted, I know the great emotional effect the visa waiver and ending of humiliation had on our citizens.
What we must do - and I entirely agree here with the High Representative of the CFSP - is to examine with the utmost care and precision whether a link exists between the incidences of illness and the quantities of ammunition with depleted uranium which were fired during the war in Yugoslavia and Kosovo and in Bosnia too.
I agree with the rapporteur's opinion that the inclusion of Roma is a necessary investment, because it is cheaper to integrate Roma than to sustain their substandard socio-economic conditions.
However, I would like to ask him whether that document also talks about the statements by the leader of his party when he said to ETA: "Do not kill the cooks, kill the powers that be" .
   Mr President, I would like to support Mr Yáñez’s proposal and stress what I believe to be one of the most interesting contributions made in this report, the proposal to create the ‘Ulysses’ programme.
First of all, it must be said that, today, drugs are your drugs; they are free: free to be controlled by the Mafia and organised crime, free to kill with overdoses, free to kill with Aids, free to kill in the streets and squares of our towns.
I am not able to understand this fully.
The Committee on Development approved my report unanimously.
Financial assistance is required by dairy farmers immediately.
I welcome the European Commission's desire to establish the conditions for a genuine internal market in consumer credit, to guarantee a high level of consumer protection and to clarify Community regulations by recasting the three existing directives of 1987, 1990 and 1998 on this type of credit.
It is indispensable to undertake a radical review of this aid, especially when enlargement to include the Eastern European countries is to become a reality.
Just consider this: a farmer may buy animal fodder in all good conscience and feed it to his animals in the conviction that it contains no animal protein because it is not labelled as such, these are still not labelled.
We can accept Amendments Nos 10 and 11 which delete those articles of the proposal that are taken up elsewhere in the text.
We have challenged a series of national measures targeting, amongst others, offshore intragroup activities.
Why should doctors have a monopoly on this information?
In the light of that, I am also irritated by the debate between my country - Germany - and the Netherlands.
At the end of the day, though, we will have to come to an agreement on them and find a way in future to deliver responses of this kind faster, more promptly, and with greater credibility than we have done in these proceedings.
I welcome the 6 and 12 mile limit retention, but beyond 12 miles I have some very serious concerns about the wording of the documents in relation to access to waters and resources and in relation to relative stability.
We would like to see a job-funded pass for local public transport, in other words, we want to prove ourselves to be responsible from both a financial and an environmental policy point of view.
The success is very much in the mobility and European cooperation and we know it is important for the quality of employment, for the efficiency of labour markets, we know it is truly a European idea and we also know it is of utmost importance for the opportunities of the individual.
The text contravenes our own constitution and the Treaties because we are exceeding our authority here, and it contravenes the constitutions of a number of Member States, such as Germany, that expressly prohibit it; it is a pity that this does such a disservice to the serious concerns expressed by Mrs Cederschiöld in her excellent report.
If Parliament were to accept – and it is not going to accept – this view on the part of the Council in its current form, it would be a triumph of national accounting over European policy, and I do not believe this would be good either for the Union or for its Member States.
The result is obvious: a high-quality proposal.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the greenhouse effect is the greatest problem that we have to face, because it involves a structural change in the conditions needed for life.
The EU has a human rights duty and competence to make all different, all equal, a reality.
The European Union and the capitalist development method are not able to satisfy urgent needs, such as earthquake protection, education, health and welfare.
It is a place where, increasingly, marriages are taking place between nationals of different countries or couples are moving to a different country, and of course this is a good thing and is one of the accomplishments of the European Union.
Taking all this into consideration, and looking at the conditions for implementation in accordance with paragraph 10 of the Interinstitutional Agreement, the Commission proposes transferring to the 1999 budget ECU 1 433 million which were unused for the Structural Funds in 1997, and ECU 101 million of appropriations for commitments unused for the Cohesion Fund in the same year; in other words, a total of ECU 1 534 million.
This is why, last year, Parliament approved an appropriation of EUR 300 000 for this year' s budget for the investigation of the efficiency and improvement needs of parliamentary administration.
But that question has not been raised.
By the way: the few independent papers that do exist are hard to come by in the provinces. This once again underlines the significance of a political counter weight on the Serbian air waves.
Just like this Parliament at first reading, the Council chose by a majority the short term interests of the inefficient postal services, particularly in the large Member States of the Union.
Some suspicion continues to linger in the minds and hearts of the people.
In order to be taken forward they should be enshrined in a formal legal instrument – in this case, a decision of the Council and the European Parliament.
No one can therefore have the slightest doubt as to your commitment to peace and your will to negotiate, on the basis of international law and respect for the agreements already made.
It is widely recognized that the move towards a single market is something which should be unstoppable and is certainly desirable within the Union.
The Secretary General says that the amount is EUR 200 million, but all the experts believe that the missile defence system is more likely to cost between EUR 40 billion and EUR 70 billion and we do not even know how it will be managed.
The European Union is consistent in its claims to promote competition and competitiveness, yet it is just as consistent in failing to do so.
Shipping is known for its complexity in terms of ownership and management, and is almost by definition an international affair.
As Europe's Parliament, though, we should be concentrating on the points of fact and attempting to play an active part in fashioning a reform whose prime objective will be to maintain fishery resources.
   I thank Mr Doyle for elucidating the question and for making a contribution on behalf of his group, even though it meant running slightly over time.
The future architecture of the Structural Funds for 2014-2020 will have to take into account the specific characteristics of that fund.
rapporteur. - Mr President, I know everybody wants to rush off, but I just want to thank the Commission and the shadow rapporteurs on this.
Whether a procedure for the arbitration of disputes will one day turn into an international competition authority is a question that should be left open for today.
So far as Syria is concerned, I would simply like to say that there was at least one positive point that gave us hope when, after long negotiations and long discussions, Syria agreed to the non-proliferation clause.
Madam President, I thank my honourable friends for their cooperation, which allowed us to formulate the joint motion for a resolution.
I do indeed consider it necessary to clear away and overthrow this restrictive culture throughout the EU, but at the end of the day the techniques through which the culture manifests itself are not so important.
Our fellow citizens have had enough of this sort of horse-trading.
Following the arrest of Morgan Tsvangirai last Sunday, it was not until Tuesday - yesterday - that he was arraigned before a court and given access to medical treatment.
Large parts of the report - which was voted through in plenary - are very sound, however, and my 'no' vote should not be interpreted as an unwillingness to participate in the work on Policy Coherence for Development.
In developing employment policy and combating social exclusion, it is only right to invest not only in economic growth but also in education and training as a way of giving those who are excluded from society a foothold in the labour market and enabling them to help themselves.
However, there is a way of understanding the universe in which we live as being shared by all - a plane of existence that spans the reality of every human person - an ecosphere that contains us all.
author. - (DE) Madam President, I am grateful to you, Mrs Jöns, for allowing me to co-author this question with you.
Our cultural and political links with Spain and France lasted for centuries, throughout the time when we were ruled by the British Crown.
Ecolabelling is a voluntary measure intended to promote at European level the distribution of products with a high level of efficiency and a low environmental impact throughout their entire life cycle.
But if Member States are in a position to do that earlier, so be it and so much the better.
I appeal to you yet again!
I sympathise with the Dutch colleagues in their particular situation and, as I said, the oral amendment tabled by Mrs Gillig will go some way towards that.
(Applause)
We do not need it.
At the same time, there are new criteria and new derogations that we welcome, aimed particularly at preserving family group unity in one Member State.
I wish, however, to explain why I voted as I did on Amendment 66, the notorious disclosure clause.
Madam President, you have heard some diverging views around the House this morning on this issue.
The proposed amendment establishes a procedure to be followed should a difference of opinion emerge between the President and the relevant committee.
It is therefore necessary to adjust the agreements to Community legislation and enable both new Member States to accede to the horizontal agreement.
I voted against this programme.
The implementation of these proposals will contribute significantly to international cooperation between operational police forces.
On the subject of human rights, this House has clearly expressed its views time and again over the years.
Mr President-in-Office, we trust you will choose wisely.
The need for some consistency between the common agricultural policy and the EU's external trade policy is also clear - it is essential to secure a level playing field for EU producers in the world market, which must not encourage unfair competition.
The species covered by CITES are divided into three appendices according to the level of protection needed.
However, I should like to focus on the specific problem of the situation of minorities, especially the Macedonian minority in Bulgaria.
So we are not starting from scratch.
Under the new Presidency, there is perhaps a chance that it can act a little more independently than previously.
I know that today, as Mr Patten said, those who speak of peace are not listened to, but if we manage to show that the other side can hear the initiatives we are proposing, then there will be many more initiatives, like those by the soldiers who are saying that they want to defend the security of Israel, but do not want to occupy Palestinian territories and the Palestinians.
But in addition to this we must also care for the people who live in the regions, for their health and the health of their children.
We must, therefore, be extremely cautious, without going so far as to be obscurantist.
The description of the mismanagement that occurred at the height of the BSE crisis between 1990 and 1994 is absolutely incredible.
It must, then, be done in a professional and efficient way.
Implementation of this directive means that riders are being forced to fit new silencers to their bikes.
It is true that the legal basis was shaky, but European children are residents like any others and we must be concerned for their well-being, their dignity and their future.
What these legislative documents propose is to perpetuate these intervention measures, which subjugate peoples and countries and transform them into veritable protectorates or colonies.
Community appropriation for such environmental agencies is well justified.
in writing. I voted for this report which puts forward several suggestions concerning the creation of a mutually beneficial Euro-Mediterranean FTA.
The evaluation was conducted by the European Commission in the first half of 2008 in line with Action 45.3 of the subsequent Action Plan.
I am afraid that many more similar situations could arise, if the regulation does not come into force more quickly.
No doubt that amount of money could be spent more usefully, for instance on supporting renewable energy.
If so, when will the Council officially release the citizens of Austria from this ordeal, which violates their democratic rights?
Madam President, the final draft agenda is based on a part-session starting on Tuesday 13 June.
That applies not only to the provision of all kinds of multimedia services, it also involves an appropriate approach to the trend in concentration of the media, which is also progressing at a pace that is hard to follow.
As far as Aid for Trade is concerned, its objective is to improve developing countries' ability to capitalise on new trade opportunities.
Another discussion forum with the Member States is the Advisory Committee on Public Procurement.
Instead of responses designed to improve living conditions and address the problem of poverty which affects more than 80 million people, they present an even more neo-liberal version of the Lisbon Strategy designed to pursue the liberalisation and privatisation of public services.
That was sufficient for them to bring him to trial and he may well be imprisoned for five years as a result.
Parliament in its report is more in favour of the opinion of certain Member States represented in the Council than that of the Commission, and does not intend to approve the Commission proposal as it stands.
Some are open, others are not yet open, other negotiations are stalled, and it is plain that Turkey is of great strategic importance to the Union.
At the same time as searching for ways in which we can draft effective strategic documents, however, our second goal is to shape a common European will, and indeed this is something that has frequently been mentioned in this Chamber.
This is a principle which was already established by European Court of Justice case law, and all the Constitution does is to codify it.
I would therefore like to hear from Mr Solana what he intends to do in order to bring the Union to sing from the same songsheet.
I also hope that the majority in Parliament have clearly decided that the administration should draft a proposal that we invest in more environmentally friendly vehicles for everyday use here in Parliament, but there are no plans yet for this either.
   – Commissioner, could you address the issue of caged beds in Romania?
We shall now proceed to the vote.
Applause
Now that these programmes are coming to a close at the end of this year and we are already discussing follow-up programmes, this subject has finally come onto Parliament's agenda.
The annual report submitted by UNRWA will certainly be provided to Parliament as well as to the Council.
But our discussion goes further than that, of course.
The Council has now improved the texts.
I am very grateful to honourable Members for the fast delivery of their opinion on what we are proposing.
I am certain that all democrats will rejoice at this principled and just decision.
As requested by Parliament, the development cooperation instrument now includes indicative financial allocations, a mid-term review and an expiry date.
It cannot be a coincidence that we debate the issue of toy safety in Parliament in the run-up to each Christmas, as we are doing again this year.
My second point relates to our fellow citizens.
As you will be aware, efforts are being made to conclude visa facilitation agreements with other countries as well.
I believe that consistency is the European Union's true problem these days.
Otherwise, we will replace the current national boundaries with the blocks' boundaries, thereby extending without any justification the deadline for implementing the Single European Sky.
The war against Kuwait was fought for this dictator's own reasons.
At the same time, however, we need to develop action at the level of informing and raising the awareness of the public.
A flagrant violation of international law remains a flagrant violation of international law - even after 22 years.
Italy has encouraged the increasing involvement of the European Union in managing such crises, and I believe that it is both right and necessary to include East Africa in the priority areas for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, including, specifically, in paragraph 8 of the Brok report.
Last year I experienced its operation directly, having broken my hand in Brussels.
I am convinced that this Presidency, therefore, will attain the objectives which it has set itself: Europe will have, before the next European elections, its first Constitutional Treaty, fruit of the valuable work of the Convention and also fruit of Parliament’s work.
(PT) Access to water is essential for life, health, food, well-being and development.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, I will speak in English in honour of our rapporteur.
As I assume that Herman Schmid does not require any interpretation of what I said, I would like to repeat that "police action during the European Council in Gothenburg does not fall within the competence of the Council" .
You can rest assured that we shall deploy all the resources at our disposal.
And so, after 45 years with a secret telephone directory, it will in a few months also be possible for the general public to track down the person in the Commission who, for example, is responsible for issuing telephone directories.
This directive is essentially concerned with protecting the rights of someone residing in a Member State, as well as the rights of citizens of that Member State, in keeping with the principle of reciprocity.
We need to look at individual concerns, what is happening with the constitution, what is happening on the humanitarian and numerous other fronts, and we need to take an overall view and apply an overall strategy as to how we can influence developments.
All types of forest are represented in Europe, from taiga to the tropical forests of Guyana, and we must ensure their continued existence by preserving the biodiversity of these very fragile ecosystems.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I would like to thank Mrs Fraga Estévez, the Chair of the Committee on Fisheries, for this oral question and to say that I very much welcome the involvement of Parliament in these procedures.
(RO) Mr President, Commissioner, Member States have to ensure a favourable environment for the development of freight transport logistics and to remove the barriers involved.
Are there any comments?
The strengthening of European democracy is not possible without openness and transparency and it is unfortunate that there is still no transparency and that the Council continues to act behind closed doors.
This, then, is a fundamental problem facing France today.
That is a particular aspect which I think deserves special attention, not only in connection with this subject of our debate but with subsequent ones as well.
(CS) In your contribution you spoke about the importance of ensuring that the International Protectorate in Kosovo remains part of Serbia in conformity with Resolution 1244 and international law.
It is reasonable for both the Commission and Parliament to place on view the administrative expenditure due to enlargement under Section V of the budget.
Since these have been carefully considered, approved and signed up to, not only by this House, but also by the Council and the Commission, there is no reason for these positions to be changed.
Votes
I should like to ask the Commissioner to give one or two examples without delay to show the extent to which the Commission's guidelines for permissible (or impermissible) aid for regional airports in the Community are actually being applied.
Well, there we are.
Consolidating public finances today makes it easier to cope with the budgetary impact of ageing tomorrow, but insufficient control of pension expenditure could destabilise public finances.
Mr President, our group is very pleased with this very reliable and broad-minded report by Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl.
The proposal involves prolonging an ecopoints system that is currently in force and, as such, I voted for it.
Thirty-nine posts are listed on this establishment plan, whereas 43 temporary staff and 11 contract staff appear in the text two pages before this.
We believe the trend is in the right direction and we trust that things will continue that way for Belgium and Italy.
This is an important step forward for these countries, as well as a strengthening of European citizenship.
We cannot give in to Russian blackmail, but without Russia there is no good or enduring solution.
It will at any event be an important partner for our countries and, of course, very much so in the case of France.
It is clear, after this debate, that all of this must take place under parliamentary supervision and on the basis of a proposal from the Commission.
Mr President, the Delors 1992 programme for the single market was an inspiration for all Europe to embark upon Europe's big idea to get its people back to work.
All in all, we are thus in an extremely worrying situation.
It is not his fault that the Council keelhauled the Commission and Parliament and bruised the political credibility of these institutions.
Admittedly, experience shows that there is not always a straightforward proportionate link between the extent of the aid and the results in the shape of development.
This was a historic moment and another important step in the evolution of the European Union-Turkey relationship.
Mr Belder, I promise I will reply to you, as you specifically asked, in writing.
Mr President, is Europe going to have to face a new gas crisis this winter?
Moreover the Commission has found other measures which will significantly improve the pollution boundary, namely - and we have already touched on this - by introducing self-diagnosis systems and by monitoring vehicles in use.
Special promotions for schoolchildren should include a range of healthy organic products in addition to fruit.
I do not have enough time to speak on this, but the other big question is trade.
There is competition between men and we must make sure that there is not soon to be competition between policies.
Can I say to both the presidency and the Commission that this is something we need to find a solution to together and quickly.
In this context, and less appreciated, is the vast potential supply of Kazakh yellow cake uranium from mines coming onstream, which will be vital to supplying the EU’s future nuclear energy needs.
Add to that the brain drain, the problem of free circulation of scientists and limited access to information.
On this day in 2004, bomb attacks in Madrid killed nearly 200 people.
Has this become a reality?
Mr President, so much has been said and written recently about the enlargement and Agenda 2000 that there is a real risk that the analyses and proposals made by the representatives of the people of Europe will not be noticed, or at least will seem less important in the eyes of the public and even the Community institutions.
You mentioned the need to ratify any change to this system.
Here, too, though, the same is true: if Hezbollah does not see the way the wind is blowing and is unwilling to help establish peace and stability, then there is no helping it, for nobody in this House will be willing to support it.
And I wonder if in the final count all 15 Member States will not in fact claim priority for their national interests.
Whatever solution is found to this problem, it must not be at the farmers' expense.
That is why I called on the Croatian family associations which I met recently during a visit to their country to continue their excellent work for the benefit of the common good of their nation and a better future for all in Europe.
So we have a grave problem here.
It is only because I insisted on it that a reference was finally introduced in Article 1.2(b) of the common position.
Fortunately, there are also examples of how things can be done, for example, the Stability Pact, which is a mixture of economic reconstruction, promotion of human rights and the development of a civil society.
The funds disbursed incorrectly amount to 11%.
That is why I am proud to be part of the European 2020 package on energy and climate change that we agreed in December 2008 - a decision of this Parliament also which has set the highest standards for global leadership on the road to a climate change agreement we all want to see at Copenhagen later this year.
When we did not police these people in the past, look where they led us.
This policy continues to this day.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, last time we met we praised the Council's speedy response to the financial crisis.
We want to help make the principles and substance of the Constitutional Treaty, including its values, a legal and therefore political reality.
The facts on obesity are startling and have already been quoted.
These are growth, research and production.
Unemployment has not yet changed for the better.
The European Social Fund plays a vital role in improving career and professional opportunities, promoting the adaptation skills of workers to the demands of the labour market and integrating them into it, along with strengthening social inclusion.
When faced with this, I have to say that if the only thing we achieved was peace in Northern Ireland, the European Union would have been worthwhile.
I congratulate my colleagues on that.
We already agree on the approach, so I think the proposal is actually already there.
An equitable power sharing system was to be established, together with a rotating Presidency passing from Hutus to Tutsis every 18 months.
It was in 1998 that the EU, together with Canada, Russia and the USA, concluded the agreement on international humane trapping standards.
One of the glaring shortcomings comes from the EU presidency.
And in our study, we will therefore carefully compare the requirements of the IMO Convention with our Community acquis.
I am in favour of doing two things after December.
I believe we are only now facing into the real test.
Written Statements (Rule 142)
That may be the case, but the Swedish Government no doubt knows as well as anyone else that, in five years’ time when the revision takes place, no one will either be able, or wish, to investigate the multiplicity of forms of shareholding that exist within the EU.
Do you recall the CIA flights, the torture in Guantanamo, the death penalty, and the systematic violation of human rights throughout the world?
The motion for a resolution includes a number of concrete proposals in addition to those proposed by the Commission, in particular concerning lifelong learning, combating social exclusion and the development of partnerships for resourcing a learning society.
Similarly, removing restrictions for small and middle-sized industries - whether they have to do with complex bureaucratic procedures, the acquisition of venture capital or questions of taxation - is a vital step on the path to improved competitiveness and prosperity.

Mr President, Commissioner, if a few chains of shops and unfortunately also the European Commission have their way, the book pricing system is to be abolished.
We are currently finalising approval of the most recent national recapitalisation plans.
At the same time, it is still discussing, even today, the possibility of starting financing for programmes for palm oil plantations.
We have no documentation to indicate that any of the Thule workers died as a result of radiation.
I was also pleased to read that President Nicole Fontaine reacted speedily to the confirmation of this sentence and I also read that she would intervene with the President of the Turkish National Assembly in order that it should not confirm the carrying out of the death sentence.
I believe I can agree on the need to introduce some specification, thus making things clearer.
Instead it has risen constantly. Today unemployment is 10.7 percent or 13-14 percent if one includes those who are employed through various kinds of labour market measures.
Another question was about audiovisuals.
What has been going on today is a disgrace!
An effort is being made to sanctify the US-inspired special tribunal set up in The Hague, the 'bill of indictment' of which has collapsed and been ridiculed.
Thank you, Mr Tomlinson.
This proposal clarifies the issues involved and refers its adoption to plenary, bearing in mind the Rules of Procedure in force.
We should see to it - including by means of today's debate - that this existing intergovernmental method, in other words open coordination, is converted into a Community method.
I think we actually need to look at the scale of what is involved here.
All these aspects demonstrate that liberalisation has stirred the market.
The key word in this report is 'responsibility'.
To conclude this reflection on the Eurostat affair, I will now come to OLAF.
Furthermore, we now have a fabulous window of opportunity which must be used to settle the Cyprus question.
Recent cases have clearly illustrated this defect.
Let us at the same time acknowledge that alternative sources of energy will not allow us to respond to demand and that fossil-based sources of energy just make pollution worse.
I would like to add, in no uncertain terms: in the case of extradition, I have no doubts that Italian justice delivers the high standards expected of European Union Member States.
I shall start by placing this proposal in its context.
During 1995 and 1996, the European Parliament took the lead in the fight against this type of fraud and set up an enquiry committee, which, with John Tomlinson as chairman and Edward Kellett-Bowman as rapporteur, catalogued the problems that occurred during transit and proposed solutions to them.
I listened very carefully yesterday to what you said on the subject of the MED programmes.
   . Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, after more than a year, we are coming to the end of an intense piece of work carried out in close cooperation with many of my fellow Members and with representatives from the Council and the Commission, whom I should to thank.
This is something that the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs discussed on three occasions, one of them, indeed, being in the context of an extended exchange of views.
In Belgrade he will carry the message of resolve of the European Union and the Contact Group countries.
There is now agreement that legal disputes will be referred to the European of Court of Justice.
If this is not the case, the Commissioner must issue instructions so that improvements can be made.
Six months later those sheep return and some of them have lost their tags.
I went on to ask him if it was true that in his country a Muslim man or woman could be put to death for converting to Christianity.
I hope that we will succeed in this way in drawing attention to the small nations whose language is in danger of disappearing and whose culture, thousands of years old, is being replaced by corporate events.
While in the developed countries, we spend 10 to 20% of our household budget on food, in the least developed countries, this figure is 60 to 80% of the budget, and a 20% increase in the price of cereals is drastic.
Why, then, did I vote in committee not to grant discharge to the Commission?
We would then transcend mere words.
As they clearly stated, they will not commit the cardinal sin of disrupting relations between the EU and the USA.
The next item is the report by Alexander Stubb, replaced by Ingo Friedrich, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on the framework for the activities of lobbyists in the EU institutions.
My second comment concerns Objective 2, which will obviously have to be simplified so that actions have greater visibility and better results for citizens, which is why we prefer a new Objective 2 with thematic actions.
The European agricultural policy came about in order to support our farmers and enhance the quality of European produce, so as to strengthen the EU's position in the world marketplace.
As the report suggests, such an approach must be based on a strong human rights approach, notably with regard to migrants' rights.
The new framework agreement will be much broader in scope than the first one signed 20 years ago, because it should reflect the changes in China and in our relations.
The most cost-effective means to reduce greenhouse gases is to move forward with a strategy for energy efficiency.
In answer to the specific point raised on this occasion, the Council has made no such request.
Nothing much has changed.
(ES) Madam President, Commissioners, the President of the Commission, who has discourteously failed to attend this debate, has justified the correction of his programme in an extraordinary fashion by quoting an anonymous philosopher from his country who defended truth.
It is apparent from the report that the author has a deep, personal interest in Ukrainian development issues and in the shaping of its relations with the European Union, and this has of course benefited the report.
Training and Skills of researchers;
However, we remain concerned that some of the provisions remain too far-reaching – for example the scope for denying registration to local NGOs and the controls exerted on both local and foreign NGOs.
So work is needed to create a worldwide awareness of the fact that things cannot go on this way and that a new model of sustainable economic development is needed, based on respect for the natural world and its Creator.
Refugees which wealthy Europe has abandoned, in the most part, to the care of neighbouring countries in the region, which have still not recovered.
In the explanatory statement of the report, the rapporteur says that the countries of the euro-area have dual representation on the Economic and Financial Committee, namely via their own representatives (directly) and via the representatives of the European Central Bank (indirectly).
In adopting Mrs Ewing's opinion unanimously, our committee showed itself to be less keen on this project to create an Internet charter than the European Commission and Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy.
The European Union, under the Spanish Presidency, has established a mechanism for coordinating aid with the United Nations, and a post-disaster task force; the European Commissioner for International Cooperation, Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Response is also expected to arrive on the ground in the next few days.
This statement truly illustrates the will of and the path being taken by the workers.
Mrs Bachelot believed she could say – and this is a widespread opinion – that I had spoken in the heart of the university.
Already there have been violent food riots across the world as desperate hungry people attack grain silos and supermarkets.
In his speech of 18 November, President Prodi mentioned enhancing the role of the Supervisory Committee or creating an interinstitutional forum as possible ways of improving OLAF’s governance.
The goodwill has been translated into three packages: Northern Ireland got Priority 1 status when its economic development stage would not have justified it; the Delors package and the International Fund for Ireland all together have made a fairly remarkable contribution to getting voluntary workers to come together.
The Council cannot cut a mandate in two, they must appoint a President for the length of the mandate provided for in the Treaty.
First, it leans too far towards products based on indexes which have no bearing on the real economy; derivatives which will help to swell the financial bubble which Mr Lipietz referred to just now.
Sufficient attention must be given to this area, for the situation facing Sudan is a terrible one.
Finally, we should like to point out that, as long as reducing production costs, no matter how, and increasing the profits of the huge monopolies in the sector continues to be the primary and decisive criterion for producing which agricultural products and food, the problems will not only not go away, they will multiply.
Let me, however, stress that in those situations where people’s rights are the most flagrantly violated, the victims often lack the strength or the resources to be able and know how to defend themselves or point attention to them.
For this reason, we eagerly await the Tampere Summit. We require an initiative and a commitment which affects all of us, even the most reluctant of governments, which is, unfortunately, the case with the Spanish government in this field.
The MEDA programme, which has received ECU 3 500 million for this five-year period, is the most ambitious initiative ever adopted by the European Union to promote security and political stability in the Mediterranean.
That, however, was three years ago, and nothing has changed!
This could have fateful consequences for both individuals and large numbers of people.
The whole deletion of this article on data retention which is now being called for was never, ever called for in committee.
I, for one, am not disappointed at the response from the Council as the Council is being realistic in relation to the driftnet issue.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
This is not the way to improve implementation of the common environmental policy, let alone to pursue more effective, committed and democratic Community policy in general.
They are Amendments Nos 2, 5, 6, 10 to 12, 14 to 17, 20, 21, 27, 28, 31 to 37, 40, 42, 57, 62, 65, 73, 74 and 76.
The animals suffer stress and that often leads to suffering and death.
I think the bilateral safeguard clause of the EU-Korea Free Trade Agreement is insufficient, and it will not be effective in dealing with the disastrous and dramatic consequences that will arise from the signing of the Free Trade Agreement.
It is awarded each year to those who have shown unusual political courage and done something for people other than themselves at a time when to do so was not expedient or profitable or likely to further their careers.
I think that the handling of the whole issue of enlargement clearly shows that when the Council and the Commission share the same goals, things can go very smoothly.
I would stand by the objectivity and the transparency with which that decision was arrived at, and it certainly was not adopted for protectionist purposes.
That is why I believe you have decided on the proper course of action, and we can continue with political intervention if we pursue it vigorously with the support of the entire European continent.
It is important that the Egyptian and Iraqi authorities find and harshly judge the authors of these massacres.
Mr Manders touched on this himself: where do we draw the line, what should we label and how much should come from a particular country?
Noisy self-congratulation would, in my opinion, send a counter-productive message to our fellow citizens.
So I hope you will put that on the agenda of the IMF meeting.
Likewise, the Swedish National Maritime Administration has expressed concern that the right to lay down necessary conditions will be lost if this directive is adopted.
Mr President, in my view it is right and also encouraging that Europeans are mobilising in their millions in response to the humanitarian tragedy that has been forced on the Kosovars.
This is a good concrete example of the use of this particular facility to encourage the private sector to take more risks with the operation of a motorway.
If you now claim that the concerns of my group are unfounded, then prove it.
We, and I personally, supported this resolution because the European Parliament has to have a clear position and to find common ground, even if the resolution adopted today does not correspond fully to the position of the Socialist Group.
Secondly, the honourable Member will know very well the extent of the authority exercised by the Commission so far as its ability to intervene in domestic industrial disputes is concerned.
If this is what happens, we will have the chance to intervene, to influence our economies and reach one of our objectives as MEPs: relaunching and developing our countries.
I am sure that your secretariat and others will have noted that I too asked for a point of order immediately after Brian Crowley was refused his.
I am also of the opinion that it must be our goal to protect the citizens of Europe from products that are dangerous and harmful to health.
From this viewpoint, I must say that there is a certain confusion in the European attitude and sometimes even a certain naivety, and that this also extends to Parliament. The approach being taken to the idea of a large transatlantic market, which was Sir Leon Brittan's hare-brained scheme back when he was Commissioner, poses certain risks.
Because I really have to say, if we really want the best technical measure to conserve fishing stocks, it is not to be found in the common fisheries policy.
For example, it is high time we had a Europe-wide supply-side price agreement for renewable energies, and fiscal measures must be taken.
Firstly the 1999 budget was defined at the time as a "bridge" towards the new financial requirements, that is towards the financing of Agenda 2000.
On the basis of the work undertaken, and depending on the results obtained, this will lead to an institutional debate on the directive and, if necessary, on the Commission' s proposals for a new directive, between now and the end of 2002. I would like to point out that I agree with Members on the need to reform the directive.
In our capacity as politicians, our task is to warn of the risks of smoking, to reduce the harmfulness of tobacco products and to attempt to get rid of misleading marketing.
(EL) No one doubts the role of education in reducing poverty.
Thank you very much, Commissioner Gradin.
Could you kindly remind everyone that, if necessary, the microphone can be turned off?
Since the criminal atrocities in Madrid, we have known that Europe is now a direct target area for international terrorism.
The radio spectrum has become a central means of communication, bringing with it money and power.
I believe this is the case for most people here.
As a part of the EU Single Market, they have access to over 370m potential customers - over 6 times more than in Britain alone.
On Monday evening we had a very important debate on whether or not we can give assent on CARIFORUM.
I only say this: we are having to use the Annex III procedure for a very basic reason which I am sure will be understood.
Mr Kazulin, Mr Lukashenko's competitor for the post of President of Belarus, is still in prison, despite being ill.
It is underlining its desire for greater coordination of the general criteria and procedures for the acquisition of nationality in the Member States.
But I do not think it is the place, in a debate on the Stability Pact, to refer to these findings.
Mobility is a value contributing to the benefit of the whole European economy.
Unfortunately, unlike other parliaments, this Parliament cannot reach a decision without cooperation.
I still propose the addition of a new Article 1(21a), as supported by my group in my original proposal.
It seems to me that this shows the European Union wants to wash its hands, because it is easier that way, because, in fact, many Member States, whose representatives are Members of this Parliament, prefer to do business with Beijing, and it would not be convenient for them to express an opinion or speak about China.
Health is paramount.
Telecommunications companies will be able to be linked up to the system.
Following changes to the United States support system that were, in my view, very intelligent, we need to review our internal support to examine to what extent the GATT agreement is being respected and to assess the effect of aid on market prices and the competitive positions of commodities.
They will be better placed legally as well, free as they are to buy up or merge with other companies; that door is closed to the monopolies.
Europe has to take action.
It is in keeping with the compromise reached and the expressed opinion of the Commission and Council.
The European Union's employment policy, explained most extensively in the White Paper on competitiveness, productiveness and employment, has been an utter failure.
I would also remind them that, while people in countries outside the market economy, under the shelter of the Berlin Wall, met their well-documented fate, globalisation and the market economy enabled Western Europeans to prosper at an average rate of 2% growth per annum.
The Lomé Agreement is subject to a WTO exemption only until February 2000.
This cooperation is important to achieve the political goal of high environmental and health standards, since the Commission, as I said, is also dependent on information from the new Member States.
Mr Mugabe made every effort to stay in power, using extremely brutal means.
As the author is not present, Question No 54 lapses.
As to the proposals contained in my report, which were adopted unanimously by the Committee on Petitions, I should like to start by commenting on one which I consider is of both practical and symbolic value.
The interest on late payments should be progressive in order to motivate the debtor to pay the amount due as soon as possible.
It is difficult to debate strategic guidelines in the dark.
We must make sure that Member States meet their targets for poverty reduction as outlined in the EU 2020 strategy.
However, in Amendment No 5 we draw attention to the fact that all exemptions shall and must be subject to fundamental review as part of the proposal for a Council directive on a Community framework for the taxation of energy products.
In recent years, the EU has witnessed within its borders police violence, which has often been targeted against persons from outside the EU, cell deaths and discrimination against sexual minorities.
Last Friday, as Paulo Casaca told us, their executioners took a 23-year-old girl from her cell and led her to the gallows without first allowing her access to her parents.
(PL) Mr President, for the third year in a row, I am acting as rapporteur for the Socialist Group in the European Parliament regarding the progress report for the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
The problem was that people were not enforcing existing law.
Furthermore, it is clear that we cannot separate the delicate situation in Palestine and Israel from the international context and the dreadful consequences of the absurd way the United States and some of its European allies are dealing with terrorism at international level, an approach which I believe is providing more fuel for the fanaticism of Al Qaeda every day.
To do so, we are going to intervene up and down stream.
I think to myself, am I going to give my children milk containing 500 Bq of iodine when there is an alternative milk with 0 Bq of iodine?
Jacques Delors is one of the few who has said it, and for that he deserves all credit.
We on the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport hope that the current applicant countries will take full advantage of the opportunities the programme offers.
At several points during the debate, thoughts have been attributed to the Commission that neither I nor the Commission agree with.
The report shows that, in general, they are a long way behind EU countries, especially in terms of GDP per capita.
The United States is increasingly adopting a more open attitude to the European Union and listening more carefully to our concerns.
The Minsk Group is carrying out consistent work, but despite this we have not moved from our standstill.
   Many thanks for pointing this out, Mrs Ries.
There were no surprises at Helsinki as far as EU enlargement and the Intergovernmental Conference were concerned.
in writing. - The current RoHS restricts the use of six hazardous materials that were once contained in certain electrical and electronic equipment.
And if we have something important on the agenda, you have to be very familiar with our procedures and be here all the time to understand how everything works.
Consequently, we believe that those Members - and there are many of them - who are writing reports, chairing committees, running groups and have legitimate reasons to be here should, on declaration of those objectives, be able to come and do their work in the place that they were elected to do it.
Abolition of the death penalty is one of the main thematic priorities when providing help within the framework of the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights.
Thank goodness if we can have something which is not a Dupont. Something which is not a Dupont obviously is a product of a certain origin, it is a geographical notion, which means that port is port and madeira is madeira and neither of them can be made in California or Australia.
I believe that it is important for us to observe the highest standards and principles of transparency and fair institutional cooperation in all relations between the Commission and Parliament.
With these choices, the European Union remains the most important partner for developing countries in the world and that is vital.
Thank you.
Every issue, even the tiniest one, to do with human rights or press freedom will be scrutinised here.
The EU also has important experiences to share when it comes to overcoming conflict and building stability through shared interests and mutual understanding.
I was really disappointed and saddened.
The European Parliament sends out loud and clear messages with this report: the message that the EU should get strongly involved in the South Caucasus, the message that the EU can play a decisive role in the region and the message that the EU should increase financial and technical assistance to help Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan to reform their administration and to develop their democratic institutions, to encourage civil society to interact and to strengthen these nations' commitments to the European values of respect for human rights, fundamental freedoms and the rule of law.
The debate is closed.
I would also take the opportunity to thank Paul van Buitenen.
We value Austria's role as a bridge between the EU and the countries of central and eastern Europe, but we also want to remind the presidency of the importance of negotiations with the legitimate government of Cyprus, which should include, if possible, a representation from the Turkish Cypriot community, without any interference or blackmail from the Turkish government.
As a member of the International Trade Committee I have been pressing for social and environmental concerns to be taken into account in an era of globalisation and against the background of the rise of China, India and Brazil.
To be able to undertake positive work in the future, and for the sake of the credibility of the Union, it is essential for us really to share a common strategy, and I should like briefly to remind you of the context of this Commission proposal.
How are we to achieve the ambitious goal of 5.75% of the market in 2010 for biofuels when France has as yet achieved only 1%?
Is the intense programme of EU-Russia meetings making progress?
I had serious doubts about the conclusions of this study and the methods used.
. British Labour MEPs are pleased to have voted in favour of this resolution, which marks a genuine effort on all sides to build consensus within this European Parliament around the very difficult issue of Iraq.
On the one hand, it is a country with an enormous army, it has a secret uranium enrichment programme, it is the first country to have withdrawn from the Non-Proliferation Treaty and is threatening its neighbours, and on the other hand, it is suffering from serious internal problems.
Secondly, I would put to him that there is a major interest in the accession countries.
I also paid close attention when the comment about nationalism was made.
Firstly, the whole system is obscure.
We cannot experiment on human beings at any stage of their development and we certainly cannot mass-produce embryos for experimentation.
   Thank you very much.
We will also support you if you wish to do more with regard to Eastern Europe and Russia, but the focus on a genuine climate policy must not merely be a matter of headlines, it must also be corrected in the small print of the Swedish programme.
But the European Parliament cannot endorse the Council's wish to transfer another ECU 1 billion of commitment appropriations again from 1998 to 1999, after they had been transferred to 1998 from earlier years, not least because the Commission notes in its proposal that following the inadequate use of resources in 1994 and 1995, the situation improved considerably in 1996.
For this sort of solution, however, it must be guaranteed that all parties involved pay their fair share and that it does not result in a few airlines, including low cost airlines, sitting back in comfort and letting others bear the risk.
Whilst I am sure that the European Parliament will, today, open the door wide to the ten new Member States, I am also aware that, at the moment of decision, not everyone in this House, and not all the European public at large, will be completely free of doubts about the enlargement process.
One of the issues to be dealt with in relation to this problem, which is a necessary one although not the only one, is aid for the refugees, without prejudice to the achievement of a permanent solution within the framework of the peace negotiations which goes further than the therapy of aid.
Many would not survive if they were denied the opportunity to sell cattle 'on the hoof' in non-Irish and non-European markets.
The European Parliament should, therefore, support the main conclusions offered by Mr Markov, who is responsible for this own-initiative report.
One proposed amendment therefore calls in particular for the Commission to promptly provide suitably worded texts reflecting the latest developments in the legal world.
We are determined to do everything we can to achieve a successful conclusion of the negotiations, but an agreement at any price is not what we are looking for.
Mr President, we have a responsibility towards two parties: on the one hand, the young people who took part - commendably - in the military operations in Bosnia and Kosovo and, of course, their families, and, on the other, the beneficiaries of those peace-keeping missions, the Balkan peoples.
It must continue to integrate both the objectives of stability of prices, and profitability of investment.
Together I think we can come to the right decision.
I would ask you to support that part of the available budget should be concentrated on the development of knowledge amongst European young farmers.
I suggest that we adopt this age limit and say that all minors must absolutely be protected.
Finland worked hard for a decision on amending the Working Time Directive and I think we got pretty close.
No-one can say at this stage precisely where the information society will take us because it is a future which is still taking shape, a future which is developing and which is constantly at the experimental stage.
We have now been looking at this, because, as I have been in the job a little bit longer, I am more engaged in the work that we are doing in terms of our missions abroad, whether in Kosovo, whether in Bosnia or whether in discussing what we are doing in Atalanta or indeed, what we have just been doing in Haiti, and so forth.
   Mr President, I am one of those who, within the Convention, were, along with you, the first to campaign for the future Constitution to be submitted for ratification by the people, and, if possible, on the same day.
This clause enables the Community to threaten Uzbekistan with the suspension of the agreement, should its human rights record significantly deteriorate.
Even if a Member State believes that its criminal justice system is so exceptional that it has nothing to learn from the others, it should at least help the others to learn from it and, as judges themselves are involved in the quality map, there is no problem about their independence with this proposal.
I believe that great credit is due to the Commission, in particular Commissioner Byrne, for systematically putting forward a series of legislative proposals which aim to address each of the issues that needed to be tackled to guarantee our consumers a safe and traceable product, from farm to fork.
Nicole Fontaine deserves many things, but to associate her with Marxism or socialism is false.
As many of you know, I personally take a very rigorous position on this issue.
What happened at El Ejido is the result of inadmissible racist and xenophobic practices in Europe today.
Having said that, I am repulsed by the spectacle of the bullfight as it is currently practised in Portugal and in other EU Member States.
On sugar, bananas and cotton the WTO has done the ACP no favours.
Therefore, it is good that the Council's conclusions of 17 November this year provide for new opportunities for dialogue, as well as greater cooperation between the European Union and Belarus.
The measures being taken to address deficits are exacerbating the crisis.
We must confirm that we support the continued rapprochement between Serbia and the European Union as soon as that may be possible.
This Parliament has always rejected ethnically-based lines of reasoning.
I have a supplementary question about the Seventh Framework Programme for Research, which has a package of EUR 54 million.
It is a question of deciding what Europe needs - what we all need - in order to address the challenges that the world imposes on us.
For instance, as the Prime Minster said, and as we have said in our paper, we are in favour of a common approach at European level on energy.
A second comment is one which I think applies to all the reports on employment considered in this House.
   Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, unfortunately I cannot support Mrs Wortmann-Kool’s report.
Finally, we note that the European Parliament would gladly accept the election in a regional context, or even a European context, but the only context that terrifies it is the national context.
It is also for these reasons that the Middle East conflict is not something which has nothing to do with us, but is the central issue in the future of European security.
Finally, we must reject the first and third sections of Amendment No 5, together with Amendments Nos 17 and 18.
Finally, I support Mr Demetriou’s report and hope that in this consultation procedure, the Commission will grant Parliament’s amendments the necessary weight in the directive.
I urge the representatives of the Member States to once and for all come up with some answers to these problems, instead of imitating the three monkeys in hearing nothing, saying nothing, and seeing nothing.
Was it worth seeking agreement between the Council and the EP?
Thus, whether through the New Deal in Newcastle or fair trade in Freetown, Labour' s aim of opportunity for all remains the same.
Madam Commissioner, consumers demand labelling, but it does not solve the problem of safety.
The Commission should bear this in mind when embarking on future activities.
Evidently, the European Union must carry out a political assessment of the sanctions.
Commissioner, I thank you for your persistence in this matter.
In this context, I should therefore like to ask your opinion of the procedures for employing citizens from the new Member States in the EU institutions.
This was part of the Commission's communication, as endorsed by Parliament and Council, and therefore contradicts positions adopted previously by this House.
First, Amendment No 1. On the official pretext of easing the administrative burden on winegrowers, this amendment may have the unwanted effect of making it difficult to monitor the quality of wines and grape musts.
Following the Christmas Day attempt to blow up the aircraft in the USA, we have seen what amounts to a knee-jerk reaction to impose any possible means to enhance security.
For example, the General Affairs Council on 19 March decided once again not to table a critical motion in the United Nations sub-committee in Geneva, dealing with human rights abuses in China.
The Commission should seek to strengthen synergies between the development pillar and the security and development pillar by creating new external action instruments for the post-2013 period.
Tonight we are discussing an unnecessary EUR 10 million.
Personally, I have serious reservations about full decoupling, which carries high risks of the abandonment of production for stockbreeding and even for certain crops.
Would a unilateral Swedish ban on brominated fire retardants be regarded as hampering the free movement of goods and thus as an infringement of EU law?
Liechtenstein has been steadily integrating into the European trade area since its accession to the European Economic Area (EEA) in 1995.
In order to assert our fundamental values, they need to be laid down in writing, as a matter of urgency, and, beyond this IGC, I believe we owe Europe a constitution.
The European Constitution approved by the summit incorporates the previous Treaties which safeguard the freedom of big business and the reversal of the achievements and rights of the working classes and grass roots.
This is the central point. I would like the President to elaborate on this specific point because it will be relevant for the whole of next year when we discuss this specific declaration of assurance.
This is the situation we are facing today: there is a steep rise in energy prices, including fuels, and there are clear symptoms of a global food crisis, while at the same time there is a rise in food commodity prices.
Where the British people have been given a choice, they have rejected regionalisation overwhelmingly.
But the same cannot be said for the US which has only offered a six-year phase-in period that is subject to some substantial derogations.
The first two measures will significantly enhance the protection of the aquatic environment with respect to toxicity, and the third will also benefit the health of consumers with respect to allergies.
As some of you in this Assembly know well, there have been two ways of getting out from communist regimes after the liberating collapse of the USSR - the European one and the nationalistic one: the rule of law and the rule of fear.
That remains a possibility for the long term though it would take some time because one would first have to get in place the necessary legal framework.
For these reasons, it seems more necessary than ever for the Commission, which counts the prosperity and well-being of consumers among its principles and values, to urgently adopt appropriate measures so as to prevent similar situations from occurring to the detriment of European citizens.
It is not perfect.
Reports coming out of Belarus of arbitrary arrests of members of civil society and opposition activists, of the use of excessive force against peaceful demonstrators and of repression of independent media journalists are evidence of practices which should, and must, be terminated immediately.
Perhaps it might be a better system if one could just go up to the front desk somewhere and point out to a member of staff that one's name was not on the list, rather than having to rise and inform the whole House.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, I would ask that the reports by Mr Sarlis and Mr Swoboda be referred back to committee pursuant to Rule 129.
There is a scarcity on the worldwide cotton market, and it is true that Pakistan is one of the main cotton producers.
Mr President it is not often I share a short straw with my colleague, Ken Collins, but following the previous speaker, I not only contradict him, but I contradict some of the points that Ken Collins has been making.
At the last moment, the rapporteur - who tabled an amendment contrary to the agreement we had reached - wanted to reinsert a provision to the effect that discrimination against men and women in the context of reconciling family and career duties counts as discrimination for the purposes of the directive.
Clearly if a developing country is spending all of its other resources on the purchase of military equipment and then relying on a certain amount of aid for social expenditure then there is something wrong in the balance of that country's use of resources.
There was a time in the past when we were assessing, for example, the plan for Community action for 1993-1995 and looking towards the future and talking about the Philoxenia multiannual programme.
Producers will not agree to increases in levies on the premiums to finance something that will lead to them being put out of business.
If all the precautions taken by Parliament in this matter are respected, there is no doubt that maritime transport will benefit.
On Thursday 28 June, the German Provincial High Court and Court of Appeal upheld the appeal brought by a private German rest home for elderly people who are not self-sufficient, which is a member of an association of private European rest homes known as ECHO, ruling that the German law which grants funding and aid to public rest homes but not to private rest homes for elderly people with disabilities is illegal.
It is therefore important to create a new structured approach in order to prevent an undesirable macroeconomic imbalance in all Member States and to correct it.
Effective implementation is connected with better legislation.
May I remind you that the death penalty is not the only place where we run up against matters of life and death in politics and law.
As you say, we have a long tradition of social partnership agreements in Ireland.
The principle of reciprocity in tax information sharing is also in line with the agreements within the OECD and the G20.
We in Scotland know how painful it is for the fishing industry when crisis conditions are reached, but we cannot solve problems in the EU by exporting them.
I believe that the EU has a duty to encourage a balanced approach to farming areas, based on criteria of proportionality and suitability, without overlooking national identities or the side effects of agriculture.
Iran (press code)
It should be borne in mind, however, that our own work method here at the Parliament also carries within it an element of that danger.
We just need to use them.
It is thus a great honour for me to have this opportunity to present some thoughts on European issues to this Assembly.
As I said, the issue of debt is a symptom of a much more global issue, namely development.
For example, one of the practices targeted by the legislation is prize draw swindles, where consumers and encouraged – often via mobile phone text messaging – to ring a premium-rate number for a prize that does not exist.
Allow me to begin with those parts with which we agree.
This is a case of 'looking at the speck in someone else's eye and failing to see the plank in our own eye'.
EU members responded to my appeals and supported our efforts to overcome the difficulties by sending, among other things, an investment mission to Korea.
I think we have reached an agreement with the Commission that information will be provided to us at intervals and in a form that allows us to monitor that spending in the way we want to.
These are questions that we want to raise on behalf of citizens and passengers, too.
I will start with the Cappato report.
It will be more difficult, under these conditions, to increase company contributions and charges' .
What we can see going on around us are the events accompany a shift in the distribution of power.
I am convinced that we will win; this constitution will become real in Europe.
The protection of our forests is a truly major initiative that concerns the future of the entire planet.
The provision contained in the Directive defends a balance between the different legal assets to be preserved.
The alternative resolutions tabled substantially modified the Report, and did not meet the consistent position we have held for 5 years now.
But it would have been unfair to have sprung it on him at such short notice. As he said, Parliament has always been at the forefront of the fight against fraud and we see that not only in what he referred to, the creation of the UCLAF Unit, but also its endowment with both staff and resources in order to do the job.
Successful co-operation between equal partners, with the EU as the driving force will in all probability yield significant benefits.
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Madam President, this report's fundamental weakness is that it completely ignores the observations made by the Court of Auditors in its annual reports.
With this directive, once enacted, we will be breaking new ground in effectively protecting the environment in Europe.
Every Member State has a different level of facilities.
The next would therefore be in 1998 and I hope that through our combined strength we can prevent it.
The others who have arrived until now are being evacuated, that is to say assisted in returning home, by the Egyptian authorities, incidentally with the help of EU Member States.
Only five Member States have so far ratified that, and it seems appropriate at this moment to call for wider ratification among accession countries and others as a matter of urgency.
About thirty minutes ago, Commissioner, you sat there, as I did, and listened to your colleague Mrs Gradin talk about the European Union's free trade ideals.
There are problems regarding the term "author" .
This European instrument, this European attachment order that is under discussion, really could complement national legislation and hence deal with the serious infringements of creditors' rights that occur on a transnational basis.
This is, of course, a nickname, but it also demonstrates that Parliament is not racist, since even a native - albeit with some retraining - can rise to be a Vice-President of Parliament.
The outcome was that gender equality operated to the advantage of the men.
Mr President, I would like Mr Sainjon to explain how he intends to proceed with paragraph 21 if he supports Amendment No 9 by the PPE Group.
Surely we could have expected that the Rome Summit would have agreed an action plan to stop this slaughter.
Regarding fiscal policy, a reinforced emphasis on fiscal sustainability is warranted because of the impact of the crisis on debt and growth potential, as well as the demographic factors kicking in.
The draft resolution also suggests that the balance of votes within the Governing Council should be published anonymously.
Otherwise, the programme will be not accepted and it will also fail for economic reasons.
If we start with 20% – or any other percentage – of voluntary modulation, then this strikes at the very root of the common agricultural policy.
These are the matters we need to engage with at EU level.
One of your vice-chairmen said at a discussion in Vienna that it was quite extraordinary that a Communist could become a member of the European Commission, whereas a Catholic could not, and that, precisely, is what I find extremely problematic in view of the myths that are being generated.
By reducing those costs, manufacturers will improve their competitive position, with resulting benefits for consumers.
We are very glad to hear of the outcome of the trialogue and the Commission's statement today promising proposals for the revision of Regulation No 1408/71.
The launch of the External Action Service required amendments to the Financial Regulation but, for the first time, this has been done under the ordinary legislative procedure.
Many colleagues have spoken already with regard to the current series of crises, and, at the outset, I want to pay tribute to both your presidency and to President Barroso for the decisive action that was taken when the issue with regard to the cutting-off of the gas supply to the European Union was brought about, and not just because we apportioned blame but because we immediately intervened on a social level, an economic level and on a political level to bring both sides to sit down to talk each other where they had failed before.
Failing to adopt these measures could mean that Europe becomes a region without a sector that is dependent on imports and third countries.
It was therefore no surprise that the heavy fall in demand in vehicles that we experienced last summer was then followed by an economic downturn in all the other sectors of the economy.
I have a feeling that the Commission has not yet fully recognised the significance of the energy issue.
The new treaty will bring major changes in the area of freedom, security and justice as a result of the introduction of a number of new legal bases.
This protectionism hampers access to international markets for small and medium-sized enterprises, which form the backbone of the European economy, adding a further burden and restrictions.
I would like, finally, to remind you that the Council asked the Commission to look into the possibility of facilitating access to aid for research and development.
I was glad to hear the Commissioner say a few moments ago that the Commission now, at long last, plans to present a communication on Kosovo, and Mr Schmit also said that the Council would try to ensure that the increased interest in this region would be backed up by action.
I can give you some more specific examples of the work to be carried out by this Institute. In particular it will validate two methods, one involving general screening and the other which will be more specific, for the detection of genetically modified organisms in staple foods, for example soya bean or maize flour.
The next item is the joint debate on four motions for resolution on the Millennium bug: military, civilian and nuclear sectors:
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, in my contribution I would like to say something about the role of the European Union and our House in this conflict.
I would welcome even more the Commission itself taking powers to monitor and prosecute those Member States which do not bother to supervise their own inspectors, and certainly both to monitor, inspect and, if need be, prosecute those companies which transport live animals and subject them to the most cruel treatment.
It is difficult to see how the destruction of the Gaza airport, the destruction of an EU-funded forensic laboratory and the destruction of vast areas of arable land can help fight terrorism or increase Israel' s security.
Tropical diseases such as malaria, tuberculosis and sleeping sickness claim millions of victims every year.
3.
Falsified contracts, imaginary reports and disappearing documents are apparently regarded by the Commission as high-spirited pranks.
While that is ineffective, it is very much what one would expect from the conduct of many Member States, for, although 22 of them committed themselves to a programme of reconstruction, only nine of them have, according to the Commission’s website, handed over any money so far.
I proposed that the outer circle of cooperation and integration would be the European Council, to which we could give new duties.
I warmly welcome the rapporteur's view that this Parliament must pursue a policy of complete openness and transparency with regard to the way in which this institution operates (recital E).
This is not just a Spanish problem.
Members of the Council and the Commission, how feasible is this excellent suggestion?
In that respect, the agreement we are voting on today does not go far enough in terms of transparency.
The fruitful cooperation between Parliament, Member States and the Commission must remain in place and be stepped up if we are to achieve the aims that we all wish to attain.
In the same way, the reports on the investment facility should include information on the results of programmes financed.
Thousands of cancer victims are denied expensive life-saving drugs.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, Sir Robert Atkins has, in my view, compiled a sound report.
However, I do not believe that anyone would enter into a programme like this with the intention of ever withdrawing again.
I have no doubt that we will do that on several occasions in the coming months and years, and I certainly look forward to the questions of honourable Members this afternoon.
I was among those who were opposed to the war, but I cannot refrain from expressing deep satisfaction at the fact that a people that has lived under oppression for so long is now being given the opportunity to build its own future.
It is to be hoped that the target of a 25% reduction in the administrative burden will be reached ahead of 2012.
President of the Commission. - Frankly, I do not understand the concern that is behind your question.
the report by Dariusz Rosati on behalf of the Committee for Economic and Monetary Affairs on the Eurozone annual report 2007 (2007/2143()INI) and
Clearly where there is an absolute shortage of capacity choices have to be made.
Ladies and gentlemen, in a few weeks' time, between 4 and 7 June, the citizens of the European Union will elect the new European Parliament.
Their efforts have been rewarded, as a number of the amendments that we are examining today improve the Commission's initial proposal, presented on 13 December 2005.
Major cross-border investments in research, for example, will be needed.
I have voted in favour of the report, as the problems of legal uncertainty will be taken into account by the rapporteur.
It is an unfortunate fact that this cannot be left to the Council and the Commission alone, and so we will carry on biting at your heels.
I believe this is a fair compromise between the interests of passengers and the airline companies and I therefore believe that we should all vote for the substance of this report.
What is the point of having internal stability if the surrounding environment is unstable?
There are many precise laws, and consumers and businesses may not be sufficiently aware of their rights and duties in the digital environment.
The EU succeeds in being a Union under law only to the extent that it has an effective set of judicial tribunals.
So we need to find out who of all these was or was not to blame and we must, of necessity, be level-headed and persistent.
In that connection we will also work closely with the European Parliament.
We will vote on them this week but it will be to all intents and purposes a formality.
The only acceptable answer for the sake of public health is to ban the import of such products altogether.
Specialists make proposals about how existing scientific mentality and culture can be broadened and made more open, but the challenge now is to put that into effect.
Nuclear safety is, and will remain, an absolute priority for the EU, and this is why the Commission attaches great importance to efforts that facilitate the safe decommissioning of nuclear reactor units that have been deemed not to be upgradeable to the necessary safety standards.
I think that we in this Chamber should say loudly and clearly that this must be an instrument with which we tackle the disgraceful ways in which animals are transported.
Monetary union is now a reality.
My fourth and final point, and the one I consider most important, is that we must ensure that we also have a single European airspace and we must establish a uniform system of air traffic control in order to reduce delays and congestion.
The differences between the Euro Zone countries and the new Member States are even more telling.
   Thank you, Commissioner Wallström.
   We completely support the view that cultural diversity is a fundamental right.
Mr Paasilinna asked how we could accelerate access for the Member States.
At the very least, the Union should invest in an Internet site, in the 20 official Community languages, which would be accessible to the general public.
A strict limit will be placed on restructuring aid, and strengthened monitoring provisions will be introduced.
'More Europe' must not mean more of an omnipresent, over-bearing Europe.
   Mr President, all that I am asking is for you to implement the provisions of Rule 162(3), under which one fifth of Members of Parliament may call for a secret ballot.
I would now like to highlight two thoughts from this complex material.
I have seven referrals to the Rules of Procedure in respect of what you have just said: I wish to explain each of the seven referrals to different Rules of Procedure: they are 96(2), 143(2), 99, 96(1), 97(2), 51(1) and 124(2).
Europe is in its most precarious economic situation since the end of the Second World War.
But you cannot say that that cannot be done!
Our powerlessness is combined with anger.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs. - (PT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, and with regard to budget management, I would like to begin by expressing our concern at the fact that outstanding budgetary commitments have continued to rise and that this, combined with the replacement of the n+2 rule by n+3, a change which some Member States are due to implement for the period 2007 to 2013, might worsen the situation, with the result that funds may take longer to reach their ultimate recipients.
Sometimes it takes application.
One further formal criterion for participation in monetary union is the independence of each country's central bank.
Otherwise, the measures will not have any substantially discernible effects in terms of cleaner and healthier air.
The debate in committee and also within the groups themselves was not lacking in disagreements, sometimes lively, which are typical of an across-the-board confrontation that transcends the respective political positions.
Madam President, Commissioner Reding, Commissioner Lamy, ladies and gentlemen, world trade guarantees some 20% of jobs in Europe, which means that if we gain larger markets, we can sell more and create additional jobs.
The current motion of censure has as its direct cause the refusal by Parliament to grant discharge for 1996.
First, let me sum up what we have done this year.
The immediate ending of the public hate campaign against Turkish Christians beneath the cover of allowing the doubly negative loaded term 'missionary activities' in schoolbooks and local media, as if Turkish Christians were, by definition, subversive and bent on undermining the state.
It is in fact an issue on which the leaders of groups simply have to give their backing to those in their ranks who are working to combat poverty.
It provides the framework for the way in which the programme of measures is to be implemented.
It is my understanding that the increase to a continuous period of maternity leave of at least 20 weeks allocated before and/or after confinement, with a compulsory minimum of six weeks after childbirth, is a step forward in terms of a woman's right to reconcile family and professional life.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Regional Development. - (CS) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should first like to commend Mrs Morgan on her work, including the negotiated compromise, which reflects the views of the various political groupings among the Committee membership as well as experience gained in the field.
I have also heard that the Council is set to hold a debate on the Cuba situation in the coming days.
There is no truth with a capital letter, indisputable and revered without the help of critical reasoning.
Faced with such a contradiction and due to the exceptional gravity of the challenges, I propose, Mr President, that Parliament should invite the President of the ECB to explain himself to us.
The countries of the neighbourhood policy do not constitute a whole, either geographically, culturally, economically or politically.
Revision of Rule 139 of the Rules of Procedure (vote)
If, as he says, he has received direct threats from people who purport to be supporters or members of the UK Independence Party, he should forward those names to me immediately, because those people would immediately face disciplinary proceedings and be expelled from our party.
The rapporteur's suggestions fill in the gaps and, if taken up, would turn the EIA into a fully-fledged instrument for establishing the overall environmental consequences of projects which impact on the natural world.
As Mrs Randzio-Plath has pointed out, we have just adopted the Lamfalussy procedure, we do not yet have any experience of how it is working and we want to continue to restrict the possible participation of Parliament without verifying whether this procedure is working effectively.
It is necessary to value work and workers, to protect productive sectors and public services, to effectively make economic power subordinate to political power, to combat and punish corruption and economic crime, as well as to bring an end to tax havens.
There are young people out there who misinterpret HIV as a negligible risk, and it is particularly important that we engage with them on their own cognitive ground and prompt them to think about the consequences of infection.
The picture that emerges from the reports shows that further improvements are needed on many points.
This is not a question of propaganda or a party political campaign.
Thank you.
He said this was for the people of Ulster. It was for all those who helped to pursue the peace process culminating in the peace agreement of Good Friday.
As long as the cost of inputs keeps rising, and extra-regulatory requirements continue to increase, then many farmers will exit the industry, resulting in land abandonment, lack of economic activity in rural areas and a reduction in food production across the EU.
That would create true transparency, greater credibility and ultimately greater trust.
I agree that the Commission should initiate the negotiations as soon as possible, provided, of course, that Montenegro continues to move towards the EU's targets.
However, it is also the responsibility of Europe to take up this issue, which falls within its remit.
On the one hand we ask applicant countries to take on board the environmental acquis and yet, at the very same time, the EU Member States are supporting and encouraging investment in those countries which is itself hugely environmentally damaging.
The efforts already deployed in this direction by regional and national professional organisations show that this is the right way.
   Mr President, this is the second time that we are conducting a debate in a plenary session of the European Parliament specifically focused on the situation of the Roma.
It is my intention today to inform you of the agenda and preparatory work relating to the European Council meeting in Tampere.
It is our common duty.
In the context of the 2007-2013 lifelong learning programme, all languages are eligible for financing, thus including German-speaking minorities.
Parliament has never gone back on its commitment to support this fully.
It is very important for the European Parliament to be tougher on this matter and have a greener approach than the European Commission.
The European Return Fund is yet another step towards promoting the anti-immigration policy of the ΕU.
The brutal use of force and introduction of censorship, which bans television channels from broadcasting anything other than programmes approved by the government, are violations of basic human rights.
If I can say that in under two minutes, it is not unreasonable to expect the Commission and Eurostat to get their act together in three years.
That is in accordance with the decisions taken in the External Relations Council in November 2003.
A hypocritical report, a report which shows the cowardly attitude of the Europe of institutions towards terrorism.
It does, however, strike me that this report steers clear of a few important political issues that have arisen during the discussion of this topic, and so a more comprehensive discussion would have been desirable.
in writing. - (FR) I abstained in the vote on the motion for a resolution on homophobia in Europe.
However, flexibility should not be a byword for a diminution of standards or of the protection of workers' rights.
I hope we will still manage to achieve modern food legislation prior to enlargement of the Union.
Indeed, if public companies now fail to show pension liabilities in their accounts, the director would face prison, yet national government finance ministers flout the rules daily.
Thirdly, an assessment has been made on the sustainability of public finances in light of ageing populations based on information provided in stability and convergence programmes.
Unfortunately, this global economic crisis highlights the worst of our nationalist and populist views.
The agreement passed on 23 June in Brussels is a complicated compromise, one that was reached after much effort in a Council that is marked more by the national tensions of some than by the universal sharing of the European spirit; a compromise reached at the expense of the ridiculous relinquishment of the EU symbols and of the appalling opt-out on the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
One further request, both to Parliament' s President and to the Council and the Commission: the texts are still deficient in so far as the specialist terminology in the specific languages is not correct.
What was their crime?
At this juncture, these are all the feasible and practical undertakings we can give to try and resolve an appalling and long-lasting bloody situation.
The decisions by the summit in Dublin set in motion the replacement of the NATO army in Bosnia by the euro-army, approved the aggressive plan for the Middle East, ratified and legalised the occupation of Iraq, promoted terrorist policy against the peoples and applied new anti-democratic measures, such as biometric data, global personal files and much more.
Nevertheless, you are right: this is an issue that has not been handled in a reasonable manner - I understand this - by the Parliamentary Bureau.
Pompidou report
We are fairly sceptical about the active and intelligent materials.
That is very clear.
Let me refer to two examples that have been brought up several times during today’s debate.
A return to this penalty is not possible at present, but I am counting on the fact that a more favourable climate will prevail in the EU in future.”
This is still not the case at present.
So this is, I think, a positive evolution.
The aim was to update, clarify, and, above all, simplify, the existing rules in the area of driving times and resting times, with a view to establishing fair competition among road hauliers, traffic safety and guaranteeing the social interests of the people who work in the road transport sector. Previous documents appeared to overshoot this target completely.
Perhaps once the Treaty of Lisbon finally enters into force on 1 December, the British domestic policy debate can also be left outside this Chamber.
I realise it is up to the British authorities to decide on what criteria they arrest students, but they had a duty, which they failed to honour, to tell the authorities in Greece, as another Member State of the European Union.
On the Tindemans report, like Mr von Habsburg, I should like to point out that North Korea is suffering from a serious food shortage.
Member of the Commission. - I think I have heard this before.
Here there is a clear message about the difficulty of characterising torts inherent in the method used by the Commission.
It is clear that we all consider the elections to be fundamentally flawed.
Madam President, Commissioner, you said that you had not held a press conference.
The decision on initiating draft negotiations and negotiations for membership with Cyprus and the main eastern European countries is very important.
We have never called for economic sanctions against our country and we are perfectly aware that such sanctions primarily hit the ordinary citizens of Belarus.
Discussion of the new multiannual financial framework will start soon.
Most importantly, there is the principle that the public must be furnished with the necessary information through electronic media providing access to the institutions' documents. Secondly, the public must receive, inter alia, information about the right to participate in decision-making in the forms and quantities permitted - we touched on this just now.
We must emphatically underline that it is not purely economic in character.
At the same time, EU legislation in this field has been inefficient, as the existing directives on waste, some of which currently apply to mining waste, are ineffective and ill-suited to this type of industrial production.
Here too we require a new international coalition.
I should like to concur with the comments made by Mr von Boetticher, which spawned a huge number of questions last year.
They are the fundamental rights of all people regardless of who they are, where or to whom they are born.
I recall a comment by the Chinese delegate at Kyoto, who said that the Americans have three cars per family whereas the Chinese go to work on foot and yet the Americans and the Europeans want to stop the Chinese from going to work on the bus.
- creating recovery plans for fisheries resources, in light of the social and economic impact of the closed seasons;
(EN) Finally, Mrs Echerer reminded us all in this room that we have different backgrounds.
The very logistics of what is needed down the line, even on the basis of the best case scenario, pose a formidable challenge.
in writing. - It is with regret that I listened to the debate on the future of Europe and heard the Swedish Prime Minister question the agriculture budget in the EU.
Regrettably, many others were not adopted.
Instead, sufficient time is needed to transpose these far-reaching measures into national legislation.
The ruling has its own logic and it is quite comprehensible to me.
The unambiguous aim of the Commission is to create a pan-European area where freedom, safety and justice prevail.
Mr Blokland tried to list what was already available on the market.
I also wish to dispute much of the substance of what you said.
Under these conditions, we can agree fully with the report and are enthusiastic about the work of Mr Trakatellis.
So, of course I support your proposal but, as you will understand, I support it without enthusiasm.
Thirdly, Amendment No 112 in the Spiers report will make the chairs of intergroups responsible for making an annual declaration of any assistance in cash or kind received by such groups and making that available to the public.
As you know, Hamas has taken control of the government; it is not a coalition government, but a Hamas government, and unfortunately the programme presented by its Prime Minister, Ismail Haniya, is not acceptable to the international community.
On the other hand, I do not think it is necessary, as proposed in Amendment No 44, to specify the supplementary premium for dykes and salt marshes.
Do you not think that this contradicts all the principles that have been expressed, including by the Treaty itself?
   . – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this initiative is intended to prevent, in time, the execution in the Philippines of Francisco Larrañaga, a young European of Spanish nationality.
It stated that the Presidency's objective was to contribute decisively to concluding the negotiations with all the candidate countries which are prepared by the end of the second half of 2002, thereby following up on the conclusions of the previous European Councils of Gothenburg and Laeken.
I give my vote to this initiative, while deploring the fact that this initiative will have no real impact.
In Scotland, we had at Peterhead a world-leading proposal for a demonstrator site.
We have to change the way we communicate with citizens and it is their right to engage with us.
In such circumstances, case-by-case assessment may be necessary to determine the best option.
I hope that the Croatians will be consulted directly on the accession of their country to the Union and that their will, unlike that of the French, the Irish and the Dutch, will be respected.
Parliament has, notwithstanding the approach taken by the Court of Auditors, passed those accounts year-in year-out, so there is no doubt whatsoever that the Commission has been led to the view that these were not matters of sufficiently high concern to Parliament.
I think, in such a context, that it would be responsible to take into account and respond to all the fiscal financial obligations of the European Union, but also to bear in mind the context of austerity which is the reality in the Member States.
Mr Lannoye is proposing a report that has two-fold merit in that it seriously and vigorously tackles the problem of sustainable development, but without fundamentalism and with the necessary flexibility to accept the majority of the amendments tabled by the political groups.
The chairman understood my position.
Do you not see that insisting that countries with such weak economies adhere strictly to the irrational criteria of the Stability and Growth Pact is leading to greater disparities, inequalities, unemployment and poverty?
This would mean that the deadline for prohibition of the use of R134a would now be 2017 rather than 2011.
It is having 52 weeks of poorly paid maternity leave.
We are your allies.
The countries in the east and south must enjoy the same opportunities, making it necessary to rebalance the Neighbourhood Policy.
We hope the efforts we have initiated to reverse the blocking of MEDA can be successfully pursued by the Irish presidency, so as to permit the entry into force of the regulation by 1 January 1997.
In a world dominated by three such institutions, greater diversity is needed, along with a new way of working.
The European Union's democratic deficit has an obvious negative impact on the climate package.
This decline has brought with it the disappearance of technology acquired over centuries and has weakened industry's links to it at all levels, in particular shipyards.
On the contrary, the landmasses are part of the Arctic countries and four million people already live there, a third of these being indigenous people.
This is why, like the rapporteur, I wish to stress that the Court of Auditors may at any time investigate the extent to which Parliament's use of its appropriations from the budget conforms with the rules in force.
First, employment.
Written declarations (Rule 116): see Minutes
The cultivation of biomass, for example, can contribute efficiently in decreasing the greenhouse effect, which is primarily caused by CO2, by buffering the CO2 emission.
Some Members, however, want every airline with a capital share to be automatically defined as a parent company.
We also note that the report does not sufficiently take into account the lack of democratic legitimacy of the European Parliament.
The Commission's proposal contains an exclusion which would allow these states to opt out of the principle of a common market in the case of these controversial products.
This is not a question of instruments for the communitarisation of debts, as would be the case with Eurobonds.
We hope that the new regulation will make it possible for consumers not to have to face unbearable prices in future.
It incorporates the concept of the ‘safe country of origin’, so that asylum seekers are denied the right to have their applications examined in the first place.
Of course, we have the case of Leyla Zana, who is a constant slap in the face of the European Parliament and I wonder how we still suffer this situation to continue.
This is my specific, supplementary question.
We can endorse many of them, especially the call to include a very wide spectrum of serious crimes in their money-laundering legislation, to continue work on the Europol Convention and for all the Member States to ratify the Vienna and Strasbourg conventions.
To conclude, while the online market for music is still in flux, legislating in favour of a particular licensing model would appear premature.
The investigation is under way, and we shall not speculate on its results.
I am saying that primarily to the Council.
The desired outcome is to solve the conflict, but that is not a prerequisite for Cyprus's accession.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, agreements are reached through agreement and the promises made in agreements should be kept.
Issues relating to jobs, wages, working conditions, respect for minorities, the fight against racism, and so on, have a great deal to do with human rights.
This, in my view, led to limited results at the last Council, because of the debt crisis, amongst other reasons.
We know that, if there is more than one employer to choose between, there is a much greater chance of higher wages.
I would like this same conviction to underpin current reflection on the future of Europe.
As we have just heard, the Iranian Government has, in recent years, acceded to a number of UN Conventions, including that on the rights of the child, and signed up to the Declaration of Human Rights.
I do not intend responding in detail.
They were well informed, thoughtful, adult in their attitude.
This is an important task which we need to carry out together step by step.
I am delighted to see that Kofi Annan and the Presidents of Tanzania and Uganda will be there shortly to try and broker some sort of deal.
Cyclone Dean, with winds blowing at over 200 km/h, was one of the most violent hurricanes to hit the Antilles Arc in more than 20 years: it caused extensive damage to the agricultural sector and to the electricity and telecommunications networks in Martinique and Guadeloupe, two of the EU's ultraperipheral regions.
Forced confessions are used as evidence in trials.
I do not think so.
A referendum has also been announced about a possible third term in office for the President.
I can tell you that all those I met were more than aware of the European Parliament' s long-standing contribution to the peace process in Northern Ireland.
It is also necessary for the Parliament to be fully informed and involved.
We have also proposed that Member States place an obligation on their energy distributors or retailers above a certain size, requiring them to offer their end-use customers energy efficiency measures or, alternatively, fulfil other energy efficiency obligations, while allowing the necessary flexibility.
It has repeatedly been urged in this House that we should renegotiate the Blair House agreement.
Madam President, the International Criminal Court is a major achievement in the improvement of the international rule of law and of respect for human rights.
We suggest introducing automatic information exchange so that information really flows between the different countries.
There are two types of interconnection that we need to separate.
In short, openness by the authorities pays off.
Consequently, with a view to raising the quality of life of Europe’s city-dwellers, Community law needs to go further, by adopting sustainable urban management and transport plans.
I wonder why the pharmaceutical industry has adopted the position it has. The latter resulted in the United States rejecting the compromise on the table in December.
Thank you to everyone, and especially to those who gave their views on these other topics, and I am confident that the European Council will progress successfully.
The Commission hopes that it will serve as a model for other cigarette producers.
The increase in the status of the European Parliament also brings with it greater legislative obligations.
One especially important aspect of research, vehicle development, is as I understand it a special interest of the Commissioner for Research, Mrs Cresson, and this is an area where I think a great deal of highly creative work can be done in Europe, which will also help the development of our industry.
We do not think it is strong enough.
Then there is the point that the applicable Regulation 820/97 still contains the obligation to introduce the compulsory system by 1 January 2000.
It is important to learn in a more complete way about the major and cumulative impact human activity has on nature.
To the fellow travellers of Sinn Fein who are propagating misinformation on the Lisbon Treaty, I say to you that there is a triple lock system in Ireland on the deployment of troops: first of all, there must be a UN decision; secondly, there must be a government decision; and thirdly, it must be approved by Dáil Éireann, the national parliament.
The next chair will have a real mandate.
You have been an example to all of us and for us, as Members of Parliament, you are and you will remain the example to follow.
- Report: Jo Leinen
On a similar theme, the industry is keen for the choice of executive director to be based on objective criteria of experience and technical knowledge, rather than on political criteria. It is important to acknowledge that the SESAR joint undertaking is an instrument for managing a technological research and development programme and has no regulatory-type role.
Those who, with a beer in the evening, enjoy the charms of some beautiful, poor, weak girl from the former eastern bloc?
It is out of this web of misunderstandings between the European Union and its peoples that we want to escape and we hope, Mr President, that the Luxembourg Presidency will help us to do just that.
They are rather interested in the real, pure basic research that they do, which can lead on to the wonderful innovations that we can see in countries, not just throughout Europe but indeed throughout the world.
In the negotiation processes in Guatemala and El Salvador, the role of the European Union was fundamental.
That will simplify fisheries management in the Baltic as a whole and make it more efficient, because the same set of rules will apply.
I too feel that we must do everything we can to sustain these small in-shore fishing fleets.
So we will be having a constructive dialogue, Madam President.
That is why I believe that the age limit should be raised to a minimum of 16, as the harm suffered by children is just as profound whether they are under 10, or 11, 12 or 13 years of age.
In any event, ladies and gentlemen, I am convinced that there is a solid basis for a final agreement, and that together we will find a sound solution for all the people of Europe.
The average birth rate in the EU is 1.5 children, one of the lowest in the world; this can only be reversed with robust policies in support of families, which do not penalise men and women who decide to have children, in economic, tax and professional terms.
But that is exactly what the British Government is proposing to do and, as we have already heard, tomorrow in Westminster MPs will be voting on whether to renew the Trident nuclear weapons system and take the UK and the rest of the world into a new nuclear age and a new nuclear arms race.
This is the result of the general attitude and vision which the majority of fellow Members present in this Chamber have, which is that Bulgaria and Romania deserve to and must be part of the Schengen area.
In accordance with them the Member States can, in their operational programmes and projects, pay special attention to stimulating development and employment in the regions mentioned by the honourable Member in her question.
The task force said that its aim was to achieve a quantum leap in terms of more effective economic governance.
I therefore hope that Cyprus will enter the European Union as soon as possible.
It will be a cold shower for future candidates.
Moreover, the fact that there are several operators means that competition is secured.
Question No 45 by María Izquierdo Rojo (H-0538/02):
I call on my fellow Members not to vote for the Barroso Commission.
   The next item is a statement by the Commission on services in the internal market.
The effective protection of vulnerable critical infrastructures and services requires communication, coordination and cooperation in which all interested parties are involved, both at national and at European level.
A solution, a largely financial solution, will have to be found for the band of intermediate regions, and what I am seeking to do is to ask the questions to obtain the help I need in order to find appropriate solutions when the time comes.
However, it seems clear that negotiations have not fully addressed many other serious concerns of this Parliament and, of course, of our Socialist and Democrat Group.
Fine, I can accept that, but what gives you the right - you spoke of very specific criteria, so tell us what they are - what gives you the right to think that too much money has been earmarked for other parts of the world, apart from the fact that you need that money for Kosovo.
From the outset, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I can assure you that the Council fully shares your apprehension about the situation in Algeria, which we are following closely.
Parliament, however, could not accept the logic of this order of events.
To return to the more general issue, it is a fact that the current crisis has highlighted chronic sicknesses and weaknesses in terms of the economic coordination of the euro area and in terms of the global system of economic governance and, as a result, huge, uncontrolled power has been amassed in the globalised financial system.
Over the years most of us will have made representations on behalf of nationals of our own Member States who find that when they take advantage of the freedom of movement available to them within the EU and actually move to another country they are discriminated against because their qualifications are not properly recognised in their new country of residence.
We must see things as they really are.
This motion for a resolution even argues the case for the so-called ‘European Constitution’ and its use as a tool for achieving new and dangerous developments.
If one is to accept such a great challenge, one already associated with such bellicose language and accompanied – in that figures have already been produced for our consideration – by the opening of many secondary theatres of war, it is a good thing to keep a cool head and work through things in a systematic fashion.
The Union must focus on the essential, and work effectively for it. That means the sort of action that results in added value compared to what the Member States could do alone.
In order to be able to provide 350 of them with assistance, Spain has applied for the mobilisation of EUR 2 059 466 from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund.
It is also a matter of the credibility of the European Union in the Arab world.
This is not an academic argument.
in writing. (SV) We Swedish Social Democrats voted in favour of this report, which is basically a sound one.
I see that, though, as appropriate.
That Europe should lay down who should have the right to vote in my country, for example; that European institutions do not show the least respect for the language laws of Flanders; that Europe avoids referendums like the plague; that benefits of scale in the form of efficiency, so highly praised, are by no means always realized.
Another aspect, about which I am both disappointed and pleased, is transparency.
The next day she was to represent the family of the murdered Anna Politkovskaya at a court hearing in Moscow.
The debate is closed.
A long list of important issues on human rights are covered by the report and I hope that the resolution will be voted tomorrow with a big majority in favour.
President Khatami said – and my colleague Mr van den Bos has also said this – that elections are a symbol of democracy.
The same goes for electromagnetic fields, to which hundreds of millions of people are exposed, even though we know very little about their effects.
As regards the peace process in the Middle East, they are both committed to working towards a peaceful solution in line with the road map.
We must sit where these people sit, we must recognise the circumstances that they are in, and we must do everything in our power to seek to help them in their dire plight.
We do have a political means available, however, which is to adopt a motion of censure against the Commission, on the grounds that the report indicates that it too made serious mistakes.
Despite the many declarations made by the European Union and by Poland about cooperation with the Russian Federation, my concern is aroused by the fact that in September, thousands of Russian soldiers took part in military exercises named 'West 2009' in Belarus.
It is important that the House understands the crucial nature of getting that agreement through this House if we are to demonstrate the transparency which Mr De Vries spoke about.
On the same day as we adopted the framework programme, we also adopted the special paper dealing with questions of simplification.
Mr President, let me put Mr Allister's comments into context: the European Parliament costs each citizen GBP 1.74 - I say 'pounds' for the benefit of Mr Allister - per year.
Ladies and gentlemen, the deregulation that resulted from the Bosman ruling must be counterbalanced today by clear rules, in an effort to restore true values to the EU's top sport.
I hope that, with the good will of all of you and with your support, we will finish them.
The Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance proposes that even stricter goals should be set for 2010 than the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy has recommended.
We need to allocate radio spectrum more efficiently in the EU to ensure that we do not remain behind other developed countries progressing towards the digital society.
The authors of the strategy mention the need for close cooperation with Russia.
It was not easy; points of view differed very widely.
Against this backdrop, would you make every effort to help Messrs Solana and Patten to have a fully operational capacity for the Petersberg tasks by 2003?
For the period of a year - and a year is a long time - he will have to administer all the releases of funds, as well as the reserves. Make no mistake: we shall have someone open, coherent and fair to engage with.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Portuguese Council Presidency' s account has given me the distinct impression that we are approaching this Intergovernmental Conference with well-considered ideas and a high degree of openness.
Of the amendments presented in the report, the Commission has no difficulty in accepting Amendments Nos 1 to 4 referring to the final objective of the aid, the need for a coherent approach in our various instruments for Community assistance and the need for social balance in that assistance.
If the Commission and Member States follow the fair and sensible approach advocated in this report, with transitional rather than overnight reductions in funding, calculated by a balanced set of criteria to decide which EU funding goes to which areas, I believe this would strengthen public understanding of the changes needed to secure the enlarged and more prosperous EU of tomorrow.
First of all, I give the floor to the author, Mrs Nadja Hirsch.
It can only cause confusion with the ALTENER programme.
(NL) Mr President, I endorse what the previous speakers have said and I should like to highlight two points in particular.
What form does the Commission propose the reform should take?
I would like to thank the Commission and those staff in its directorates-general who have been patient in their explanations and have explained their rationale for preparing the preliminary draft budget.
Parents are forced to work hours that make it difficult to combine work and family life and take care of their children.
The duty of democratic accountability laid down in our resolution on the democratic accountability of monetary institutions in Strasbourg means that we can expect the European Central Bank to report to us, detailing how it is exercising its scope for independent action in matters of monetary policy.
This bias surprises me very much because hitherto I have always regarded Mr Colajanni as one of the most balanced analysts of the Middle Eastern peace process.
Others, which raised or reflected problems, even of a political nature, we have tried to balance as far as possible.
Discussions with the US authorities are under way, but I understand that these authorities want still more.
I am sure there is a lot of other harmonization that could take place.
Until recently, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees only had access to part of the area between Kisangani and Obundu where most of the refugees are hiding out in groups in woodland.
This is clearly stated in our Amendment No 4. I shall probably be tabling an oral amendment on this tomorrow, Commissioner, prior to the vote.
Thank you, Mr Watson.
- (FR) By means of this vote, we are now being asked to describe as acts of terrorism what, for us, are acts of solidarity and of justice.
That is why I should like once again to stress the need for us to create a new measuring instrument that is shared by all of the Member States and counterbalanced by the various indicators. These indicators would take account - as was highlighted a moment ago by the Commissioner, to whose remarks I fully subscribe - not only of economic growth, of course, unemployment, the level of equipment and the level of research and innovation, but also of points connected with people's quality of life, such as life expectancy, birth rates and the level of earnings of our fellow citizens.
At the moment, as the President-in-Office of the Council, I have to repeat my original reply to the honourable Member's honourable friend.
Thank you very much, and congratulations to my colleague Mrs Korhola for her excellent work.
Last year the European Parliament warned the Council that financing for the European Galileo navigation system was too inadequate.
The Commission could show some flexibility vis-à-vis its original proposal of a EUR 4.5 million budget, but certainly not on such a drastic cut.
I believe that the report approved by the Committee on Regional Policy should be accepted by Council and the Commission.
I welcome the initiative to include Switzerland in cooperation in this area.
As regards WTO compatibility, the Commission believes its proposal is in line with international rules, notably Article 9 of the GATT. That provides that WTO members may adopt and enforce laws and regulations relating to marks of origin on imports, notably to protect consumers against fraudulent or misleading indications.
This type of preparation is the primary responsibility of the immediate environment: parents, the family, the school.
However, in the Conference of Presidents, we asked for the two things to be kept separate: the urgent issues which we are discussing now, in other words, the imminent executions, and the question of the relationship between the European Union and China on economic, cultural, political and defence issues and in other areas.
We believe there is something to be said for a study, if only to work out a concrete action plan. Proof can then be established that there will only be a shift in jobs, and that the possible social and transport problems in peripheral regions will be countered in all earnestness.
Today's approval of the Daul report does nothing for European citizens' health.
In other words, it depends on how the common and free European market is going to function.
This applies, for instance, to the special report on tourism.
The Danish Social Democrats take a sceptical view of this, since we wish to maintain the Nordic Passport Union alongside the Schengen cooperation.
Also, by the time the Commission got around to producing the communication, it was being bombarded with notifications from Member States that they would begin to use the opt-out in their health-care sectors in response to the SIMAP and Jaeger rulings.
   . – Mr President, the rapporteur, Mr Paolo Costa, has asked me to deputise for him because the agenda of the session has changed and he had to be in Italy.
What this means is positive flexibility, and that is what the PPE Group is looking for in its amendments aimed at replacing the term 'reduction in working hours' in certain sections of the report with 'adaptation of working hours' .
First, it must ensure internal and external security.
(The oral amendment was accepted)
We know there are political sensitivities, and we are ready to address those political sensitivities, but our procedures must catch up with reality.
It will simply lead to European goods becoming uncompetitive, and to our markets being dominated by those who have not introduced such restrictions.
The first thing I would like to ask - and I am also addressing this request to my good friend Mr Bertel Haarder - is that we apply the existing rules and that we take Erika I and II in hand.
(Applause)
Perhaps the House did not remember that there is a deadline, but it is my understanding - and this is the prerogative of the President or the Rules Committee - that once those two days have passed, it is not possible, according to the Rules, to take the disciplinary action provided for by Rule 110.
They also represent one of the few spheres where there are no differences between poor and rich countries, between those who have made more or less progress, but where Member States and applicants work together on the basis of equality and partnership.
There are of course some framework regulations, but maritime transport and shipping are far more complex than other types of transport when it comes to establishing which state is to be responsible for investigating the causes of accidents.
In my view, a sufficient reduction in warming is possible only if we succeed in setting up a global market in carbon.
At the World Social Forum, for example, the debates concerned world democratic order, antimilitarism and the promotion of peace.
Finally, I deplore the fact that the disastrous monetary policy of the European Central Bank (ECB) has not been criticised, as monetary policy is not being put sufficiently at the service of economic growth.
Let us work together to end this year with a message of confidence that the European Union has a unified vision for its economy and is putting this vision in place.
A coherent, Community approach is required for both production and efficiency.
In the common economic area, the conditions must be created for a strengthening of economic relations. This means that trade and investment must be promoted, existing obstacles must be eliminated and, above all, that legal and administrative provisions must increasingly comply or be made compatible.
That was included with the list of labels, so this heritage can be intangible as well.
China is in all respects becoming a more and more important player on the world stage, and that also applies in the combating of terrorism where we must appreciate China's active support for this serious struggle.
They are entitled to more.
That principle is bound to cause shifts in VAT revenue.
The Council has taken due note of the European Parliament's amendments adopted on 20 November concerning the modification of the rules for OLAF investigations, and of the debates on this issue, which took place previously within the Committee on Budgetary Control.
Elements of such a 'roadmap' have been announced - a new constitution is being drawn up and submitted to referendum and presidential and parliamentary elections are to be held.
My question to Commissioner Patten is: how could this support be stepped up?
But the rapporteur Mr Tomlinson says so, and Mr Tomlinson is an honourable man.
Otherwise, the document is acceptable and in many respects excellent, but I cannot consent that the fight against violence towards children be carried out partly through ‘the inclusion of new family models’, or that the European Union should ‘bring added value’ to the actions undertaken by the Member States partly by promoting new family models.
Madam President, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for dealing with a sensitive and difficult issue.
Work is under way in the Council and Parliament and some progress has been already achieved, despite the technical difficulty and the politically sensitive nature of this subject.
This institution has played and continues to play a crucial role during the current financial and economic crisis.
We hope that in future, you will put the people at the centre of your decision-making processes and not the market.
(DE) Mr President, I take it for granted that the European Parliament will speak out when it is possible to save people from execution and, therefore, I support the call for a moratorium on the death penalty.
In my first report, we proposed a specific procedure whereby the Commissioner comes to the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs every quarter to give an account of policy in the competition sector.
A text worded clearly, accurately and in detail is one of these.
Almost all of the people who died were either disabled or elderly and in nursing homes or residential care, or in respite while their families were on holiday.
Besides her desire to be an equal partner at work, a woman also longs to become a mother.
Are there proposals for solutions or progress in other areas - over and above that of the court system - on which the Council has worked, areas in which we now see that progress has taken place in the negotiations in the Council of Ministers?
These deadlines are not just about 'tidying up the desk' before the institutional changes of next year.
I am sure that he will be capable of getting together a good Commission.
I found it easy to vote in favour of this report, for the statements that I did not want to see incorporated, yet which nonetheless have been, and which I have just enumerated, are quite obviously so nonsensical that the report, taken as a whole, nevertheless represents a good reflection of this House’s position.
But that is not all.
They suffer from memory loss, chronic pain and fatigue, symptoms of paralysis and have an increased risk of cancer.
Ukraine will never be the same again.
Mr President, trafficking in human beings is a serious violation of human rights which is akin to slavery. It is a form of slavery which, however, mainly affects women, as Mrs Fraisse has already stated.
Can we be asked to take that risk in the EU?
Shipments of that type cannot make economic sense or be in any way sustainable, and we must ensure that the economy is partly driven in a manner that makes it unprofitable to transport food in this way.
We thank the Commission and then we will also try to ensure back at home that steps are taken in our Member States, in the regions and wherever there are difficulties, which I cannot go into now, not just to take decisions but also to transpose them.
Plurality, because we wish to maintain diverse identities and cultures and to counter euro-nationalism and its euro-anthems and common passports, currency, policing and defence.
China is as close to us now as were the totalitarian regimes before the Second World War.
Mrs González Álvarez has taken a consistent, thorough and dedicated line throughout the passage of this legislation through Parliament.
Resumption of the session
Mr President, as has been mentioned, this is the nth resolution on Cyprus.
However, all those factors, which ought to have provided the basis for a process of strong economic growth - as the Commission had envisaged until a few months ago - have not brought the expected result.
Proposal for a Council Decision on the acceptance of amendments to the Convention for the protection of the Mediterranean sea against pollution and the protocol for the prevention of pollution by dumping from ships and aircraft (Barcelona Convention) (COM(99)0029 - C4-0170/99-99/0023(CNS)) (Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection)
The first time was in 1983. The rapporteur then was Mr Colleselli, from Cadore, in the North of Italy.
There has been a real misunderstanding here.
Let me repeat a point I made in our last debate: this is not the fault of one Member State, but rather the fault of many Member States.
This is coming from the people of Hezbollah themselves.
Particularly so after the act of utter treachery – that is not too strong a word – committed by the French Supreme Court in the case of our erstwhile fellow Member Mr Marchiani.
It is therefore clear that the protection of the Arctic is an issue that goes beyond individual national strategic and economic interests and must be a central concern for the EU.
According to the Commission’s very brief statement on this subject, there are no real concerns there.
Thirdly, has the Commission handled this crisis well or badly?
The value of scientific endeavour has always been fundamental for Europeans.
I believe it is important for the summits to be fundamentally reformed so that people regain their confidence in the EU and its institutions.
It is sad that the current proposal does not contain more ambitious targets for energy saving.
For us, it is not enough for these resources to just be adequate and available.
Yes indeed, those were heroes who met in Essen, Cannes and Madrid to trumpet the news that, of course, all Europe's efforts would be focused on tackling unemployment.
All we will succeed in doing is expelling more and more of our manufacturing industry to the Far East.
The European Union must take urgent measures to resolve the two issues of excessive water consumption and water wastage.
It is therefore important for the treaty to be adopted.
One year on, the effects of the disaster in Haiti are distressing and the situation from the human, economic and social point of view is chaotic.
If we wish to reduce our dependence on natural resources, I agree that by 2012, 12% of the energy in the EU must come from renewable sources, and by 2008, a specific policy and line of action must be implemented for the 20 most important materials that have the greatest impact.
I do not support an agreement on trade that violates the rights of other communities to determine the use of their own resources.
I think that we should give a vote of confidence to the new government put together by Mr Nastase, an honest Prime Minister, which is trying to establish a system free from corruption and based to the greatest possible extent on respect for rights and human rights as it is required to do by the Copenhagen accession criteria for EU candidate countries, and I feel that we need to give Romanian Government the space it needs to be able to reconstruct the adoption system.
The Commission should support Commissioner Flynn on this matter and get rid of tobacco subsidies in the interests of public health and of consumers.
Some people do not consider that to be a human right, but I believe in fact that it is and represents another step forward that we should welcome.
We also achieved something else which I think I should highlight: we managed to find an international solution to a problem which goes beyond national borders.
Seventy per cent of the 'droit de suite' funds collected in France in 1996 went not to the artists but to the descendants of seven artists, including the relatives of Matisse and Picasso.
Mr Mandelson and, it seems, the Directorate-General for Trade have abandoned the ideal of multilateralism and are embracing the bilateralist approach of the United States.
It is natural to support a politician for whom prison, exile and suffering have marked the thirty-year long struggle for his ideas.
No, I am not without some sharp criticisms of the Venezuelan government.
I absolutely agree that Iraq must observe the Geneva Conventions on prisoners of war, but how hypocritical it is for Rumsfeld to insist on this while denying such protection to those prisoners illegally detained in Guantanamo Bay.
Today, all 15 Member States of the European Union are ruled by democratic forms of state, and therefore by governments composed of varying combinations of political parties.
This is serious and we need to demonstrate that we take it seriously and we must get to the bottom of it.
I believe that the more general problems could be tackled within the context of a framework directive on fair trading.
However, I do not want to pass up the opportunity to express my great regret that the largest exporter of genetically-modified organisms, namely the United States, again remains outside the frame on such a key issue, where global multilateral regulations are essential.
Three hundred thousand children, boys and girls, are enlisted in combat units in more than 30 countries.
I agree with him that we are moving in the right direction, but we still have a long way to go.
Mr Meijer, I think that you have not got the information quite right.
The riots in Kalimantan are no exception.
That is what makes us concerned about suggestions from the Trade DG that since the FTA negotiations with the Gulf States started a long time ago, when sustainable development issues were apparently less relevant, it is somehow now too late to burden the negotiations with new issues like human rights clauses.
This may help also to overcome difficulties in implementing cohesion programmes.
It insults those who are trying to improve a situation and therefore it is offensive to many.
The European region plays a vital part as the intermediary between the citizen and the supranational authorities.
All of those people who were registering and who wanted to register, who were very happy to do so, effectively were being given the opportunity for the first time to enjoy a legal status in relation to their State.
It is possible to make progress by urging governments to cooperate more on this issue, regardless of the existing differences between national policies concerning young people.
Secondly, I have noticed that some Member States are more vulnerable than others, which somewhat contradicts the notion of solidarity that we nurture in the European Union.
We therefore hope that in future financial years it will be able to be granted discharge with no reservations, despite the fact that the lack of political vision on the part of the Council and the Commission has made the budgetary life of this agency quite hazardous.
We must stick vehemently to our principles and our commitment to this process.
I should like to restrict myself, therefore, merely to a few facts and to a description of the situation, which is none too rosy.
I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to all those fellow MEPs who gave me their support in this and would like to wish you all a merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
It is not accompanied by the jurisdictional guarantees that characterize the European Parliament's participation in the legislative process, pursuant to Article 138.B of the Treaty.
What is more, causing loss of interests ?
If the reality is that some Member States – France for example – which are behind the scenes trying to block this initiative, then let them be named and shamed and let them answer to their people and to the people of Europe.
You said that culling and the travelling ban are currently the main objectives.
Mr President, the Commission is always pleased to assist Members of Parliament in forming their opinions.
It gives the Member States more flexibility in applying the minimum rate of 57 % of the retail price. As a result, this percentage can actually fall below 57 % for a time.
There are many aspects to be reviewed, but in the time available I will just focus on one: the opportunity for the elderly to continue in work if that is their wish.
According to the Council, the President of the Council is in the best position as it is the Council that must ensure that economic policies are coordinated.
Furthermore, the document we approved today also encourages the introduction of origin marking, which would facilitate consumer choice and contribute to reducing fraudulent or misleading claims of origin.
We all know that this is only the first step in the budgetary process, but I have every confidence that together we shall be able to explore all the possibilities in order to reach a final agreement and produce a satisfactory budget at the end of the year.
Madam President-in-Office of the Council, there is a lack of specific proposals.
The excessive surpluses that have materialised over the past few years do not reflect the best financial management.
First I should like to congratulate you for establishing the EuroLat joint Parliamentary Assembly, which will play a crucial role in bringing the citizens of both sides together.
An ordinary day will, however, dawn following this celebration, an ordinary day in the life of the European Union, characterised by negotiations, discussions and compromises.
As for Kosovo, you asked me about a matter, honourable Member, which relates to domestic policy and to internal decisions by the Spanish Government.
Two years down the line we can state categorically that there is no economic justification for these restrictions.
Nobody issued such a warning before the January 1991 bloodshed in Vilnius, when paratroopers were already at the site.
Nevertheless, I support the Constitution and do not believe that it requires detailed explanations, as the previous speaker said, but that it creates a clear, transparent and more citizen-friendly Europe.
A few other ideas were put forward by some of the honourable Members representing the political groups, including the suggestion of an international force.
Mr President, I would now like to make specific mention of the amendments that have been tabled.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I have the honour of presenting my report on fuel quality, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, in the framework of the codecision procedure.
   You raise a very relevant and interesting issue.
It is as evident in my country of Ireland as in any other EU Member State.
I met the Turkish Foreign Minister in Brussels a few weeks ago and naturally I asked if Turkey could take a positive and constructive stance in relation to this issue.
As far as the overall execution of the 1997 budget is concerned, the outlines, of which the Commission informed the budgetary authority in July, are confirmed by the most recent data.
(FR) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I cannot but endorse what has just been said by Mrs Goulard on the basic presuppositions that mean that while we are well aware of the need for effectiveness and speed in the decision-making process, it is essential for Parliament to be involved. This is the only way in which our fellow citizens, of whom we are the elected representatives, can understand what is happening and explain it to them.
So it is a categorical imperative for our Parliament to confront the issues and contribute to solving the unemployment emergency.
Because the decision to hold a demonstration, Mr Blot, was taken...
That brings us to a question and to seek answers on what we might call market regulation and the way in which we can limit this infamous price volatility.
This conclusion also emerges from the consultation launched by our Green Paper, which prompted reactions from 350 public authorities, the general public, civil society bodies and companies active in the field of culture across Europe.
In my first statement I said that very clear comments had been made by the President and the two Vice-Presidents, and I might perhaps quote just one paragraph from the press release issued following Monday’s Defence Council:
When they are not, the fact is that, despite his or her nationality on paper, one of the spouses is not integrated and is not about to be, either.
We also want to engage in dialogue with Russia about the quality of democracy in that country, however, and in particular the problems we have experienced recently with election observation and the way we see this versus the way Russia sees it.
This directive will lead to a significant improvement to the present situation, which is why I voted in favour.
Furthermore, the introduction of this point c) is not linked either to suggestions concerning from what date and how it will come into force, which we think will create additional problems for Member States.
We have not discussed any of that, unfortunately.
The vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
It is also my considered view that we should draw up such a resolution only after such a visit, if we do so at all.
This is why, personally, I am prepared to support Amendment No 5 tabled by the Confederal Group of the European United Left.
I am also pleased to see that, in this directive, Member States will retain freedom of choice on that score, but I would like to ask any Member State dealing with such issues the following: how should we then empower the victim?
We were broadly supportive.
It allows women and men with young children to enter and stay in paid employment, while improving their quality of life.
This is evidence of efficiency, better economy and Community preference.
The EU's behaviour is, however, double-edged.
All in all, these are the sectors in which the European Union has a clear relative advantage.
Europe needs the Constitution, because on 1 May, ten new countries will be joining, and they should not join without any clear rules.
Low-frequency radar systems developed by the United States of America and the NATO countries might be causing whales to stray onto beaches and doing damage to their internal organs leading to death.
The alignment of study programmes and corresponding mutual recognition must be achieved in all areas of training and education, in particular, in manual trades, where there is a lot of ground to make up.
However, the Commission's proposal contains far too many exemptions for energy-intensive industries, in other words those which should by rights be taxed.
Until the EU' s criminal law systems are harmonised - something which is to be desired - judicial cooperation will continue to operate through a complex and antiquated system of requests for legal assistance, an emotive term for almost all public prosecutors and judges.
I would remind you of the case of the cruise liner .
As political decision makers, this crisis forces us to answer some questions, of which I highlight the following: is the liberal model that has progressively been applied to the common agricultural policy effective enough to deal with this type of problem?
To avoid any misunderstanding, I will now speak in English Six months ago, Mr Alexander, we all applauded when the President-in-Office of the Council set out his vision for reform, including great investment in research, education and the hi-tech future for our Union, and you repeated it today.
The suffering of innocent people makes the desire to excuse and seek justification for the Gaza situation irrelevant.
   – We are not entirely satisfied with the results of the conciliation procedure between the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers on the Single European Sky.
We do, however, have serious doubts about resolving the current situation by using the bridging instrument and have therefore chosen to abstain in the final vote on the resolution on the EU's progress in creating an area of freedom, security and justice.
The crucial question is: who should foot the bill for environmental damage?
We obviously want to oppose the transport of live animals as much as possible.
This says a lot about its authoritarianism and its contempt for people and countries.
One of the problems which we have to deal with in this crisis and difficult situation is how to stimulate research and development so we are not in the same situation as companies.
The Member States must finally realise that effective measures to combat fraud, also and in particular measures administered by the Member States themselves, can only be effective if we finally create an effective legal basis, undertake the necessary harmonization and give Parliament co-decision power in this field.
Europe is slowly catching up with its neighbours as regards these infamous statistics.
During my years as the mayor of the city of Kosice, situated in the region with higher concentrations of the Roma population, I learned the basic precept - effective assistance requires active involvement of the Roma themselves in the solution of their problems, otherwise the efforts will be wasted.
The social partners are undoubtedly in the best position to ensure a positive impact of the revision of the Directive, which is fundamental.
The Commission has already indicated that, in principle, it considers network infrastructure sharing positively, due to the potential economic gains, always provided that competition rules and other relevant Community laws are respected, in particular those of the licensing directive.
We need to keep open the option that one day, if we can reach that point, the President of the European Commission can also be the President of the European Council.
   The next item is the report by Constanze Angela Krehl, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Development, on preparing for the assent procedure for the Community’s strategic guidelines for the period 2007-2013 (Cohesion Policy in Support of Growth and Jobs) [2006/2086(INI)] (A6-0175/2006).
It concerns many citizens of the European Union, since it deals with the classification and labelling of dangerous preparations.
With regard to external personality, it is also important, as the President of the Commission has said, that we genuinely affirm the fundamental principles and the criterion of majority as a working system.
The reason is that there is another agenda whereby these rights are, to the very greatest degree, concerned with the actual process of integration, and it is this duplicity in the agenda that prompts me to make this observation.
Another point is, though, that the Council is not only to do this once a year, but is to promptly state the amount of the prospective costs involved in any and every specific decision in the field of the common foreign and security policy entailing expenditure.
Mr President, I am aware of the bad parliamentary habit of writing one's speeches in advance and then making them without listening to the rest of the debate.
As also agreed, the Commission will be involved in the discussion by the various committees at an early stage in order to ensure that actions and pilot schemes can be implemented.
Mr President, I am pleased to have the opportunity of speaking in the debate and I congratulate the rapporteur for his work.
What would be the point now in launching new initiatives when the San José Agreement was renewed in the Council of Minsters in Florence in the second half of last year?
I would like to conclude by reiterating my support for the motion for a resolution and I urge the Commission to bring forward without delay a comprehensive and coherent EU-wide strategy on cardiovascular disease incorporating the European Parliament's suggestions.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Cox has put his finger on the salient point.
It is in the package, but we all know just how bitterly President Barroso opposed its inclusion, right up to the 11th hour.
With regard to state aid, the latest proposal for the rules on national regional aid contains a number of positive measures in favour of the outermost regions.
My final point is addressed again to Commissioner Wallström, and concerns communication, which is her brief.
But there is concern about other aspects which are still not functioning entirely satisfactorily and the document takes this up. There is concern that Community fleets should set an example of respect for resources for other fleets operating in third countries' waters, that local fishermen should receive proper information about what the various agreements mean, and that there should be transparency and control over financial compensation paid by the European Union and its shipowners.
It has to be shared and done in partnership.
Mr President, unlike three of the Parliamentary groups, we did not sign this resolution because we believe it does not tell the whole truth about what is happening in Argentina - although this is difficult to do through a resolution, I admit - and it seems rather weak.
These language teachers have worked for the Commission for decades. They have trained various Commissioners in the languages of the various countries, and yet they are being kicked out.
We also needed to deal with the changes in safety and security requirements that necessitated a further delay for technical examination.
Europe has not washed its hands of Lebanon; I would like to remind everyone here of the European military presence in UNIFIL 2, which is an impressive number, and there have been many casualties and deaths, as the Council has reminded us.
Whether the practice of appointing two rapporteurs from different groups will still be meaningful for the European Parliament in the future needs to be looked at carefully.
We are obliged to have such an article in case matters were suddenly to arise that, for example, needed to be put right.
In short, it confirms equality for all in claiming their own rights.
   Mr President, my oral amendment is only a technical amendment to delete the word ‘all’.
What is our common responsibility?
3.
Europe is acting to its own detriment if, by failing to speak out against this or offer alternatives to it, it consigns Latin America to domination by North American corporations and banks.
(FR) Mr President, I should like to make two points about this regulation.
I welcome the important place that has been given to climate change in the Communication from the Commission entitled 'Europe 2020 - A European strategy for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth'.
It is still the case that employers' representatives have an advantage over those representing employees.
It is essential to maintain this non-vindictive provision and to ensure that even the worst of criminals must be treated with dignity, even if they do not deserve it.
You know, ladies and gentlemen, that Galileo is the most ambitious industrial project that Europe has ever undertaken.
I am especially pleased, however, that we are dealing with this matter alongside the Gaubert report on the single permit for residence and work, so that we can avoid even the appearance of opening Europe's doors just to highly qualified workers.
Regardless of any decision on the Constitution itself, this Commission could act in a way totally unlike its predecessors and involve the relevant institution at the relevant time, regardless of whether or not it is a nation-state parliament.
The Council recognises that it is immensely important to fully respect fundamental rights in all areas in which it is active, particularly in the area concerned with guaranteeing the security of our citizens.
Her proposals not only change the definition given to primary agricultural products, they also introduce the concept of psychological damage, scrap the lower threshold and remove the financial ceiling.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Lisbon strategy can only succeed if we promote competition between the European systems.
We are on a very narrow path in this discussion.
The Commission has taken note of the request to define optional reserved terms, such as 'farm' or 'mountain'.
If the ratification process can be successfully completed on time in all 27 Member States, the Swedish Presidency of the Council will be able, in the second half of 2009, to devote itself to the major challenges of the future within a new institutional framework.
We even think that Europe could acquire an external political dimension which matches its economic importance, and that this can be done whilst respecting the national interests of each Member State.
Now Spain intends to grant legal status to up to 700 000 illegal immigrants.
I am critical of the local elections that took place on 31 October in Ukraine and would like the freedom of the press to be respected.
On behalf of the PPE-DE Group, I very much welcome your White Paper on a European communication policy.
I think we should be adamant about that.
One explanation I have had from the Sessional Services is that someone from the EPP Group had been in touch to say that point had been withdrawn.
A lot has been said about the subsidiarity in Article 152 and I would like to remind you of what the Court said on that.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the final results of the Monterrey Conference are encouraging and give cause for renewed optimism about September's world summit in Johannesburg on sustainable development.
Secondly, it forces the Member State which is negligent in monitoring its borders to take responsibility for illegal immigrants who use it to get into neighbouring countries.
I hope that this fact will also contribute to further democratic and all-round progress in Kazakhstan and all the other countries of the region, and to closer links with the European Union.
At the moment, in view of the talks that are being held between India and Pakistan on the issue of Kashmir and which are, unfortunately, unlikely to end in success, we need the European Union to show a strong will to support the civilian population in Kashmir.
Finally, budget support suffers from a serious lack of transparency and ownership by the countries involved and their populations.
This proposal in no way responds to the concerns expressed by MEPs during the vote at first reading on 23 October 1998.
This does not, I feel, merit extensive comment, as we are in agreement on this point.
Finally, the 5+2 negotiations must continue at all costs.
The Commission also agrees that this matter should be part of the report to be drawn up by the Commission four years after the directive enters into force.
Can I ask you to follow the same procedure?
That is why we voted against the Jarzembowski report.
What does it mean to patent a living, albeit genetically modified, organism?
We think that is an excellent outcome.
I was here at the hour of our democratic birth in 1979 and I was here for the censure debate, when we came of age.
Our working relationship was very pleasant indeed, and the Committee on Development is satisfied.
My message therefore is: firstly, stop the violence.
As a result, several small European Union states are left out of the regulation zone. The act functions only partially in several other Member States.
Inter-university cooperation already exists on an important scale, particularly between the universities of Baden-Württemberg and Alsace, without forgetting, moreover, Basle, in Switzerland, but this cooperation cannot but be reinforced by the development of a general system of reciprocal recognition of diplomas which is being implemented, but which is still inadequate.
All these proposals are put forward in the report, for which I express my thanks to my fellow Member, Mrs Wortmann-Kool.
The Commissioner used strong words, which we welcome, but the proposals originally submitted to Parliament highlighted some of the weaknesses and divisions within the Commission itself.
We will soon see, and for our part, we will bear in mind any suggestions on this issue.
We, too, are trying to advance regional integration – how did Europe manage it?
This would be very unfortunate, as this is not even Parliament's intention.
The development of the EU is not only governed by those of us who live in the Union, but is also influenced by those who live outside.
The enormity of the issues affecting the Roma people in Central and Eastern Europe stands out for two reasons. Quantitatively, because it affects several million people and qualitatively, because the very existence of this extremely diversified people is at stake.
The goal of the Marco Polo programme should, in fact, be extended, so that the programme can also contribute to the search for and development of more sustainable transport systems.
However, one thing is clear.
I would suggest to the House that we should in any event commence our debate, reversing the normal pattern by beginning with the Commission statement, if this is acceptable to the Commissioner.
With regard to your call for an EU-US partnership agreement, I acknowledge that we maintain Treaty relations with the majority of third countries around the globe, yet have no such treaty with our most important partner.
(NL) Mr President, the Dutch guarantee of many billions of euros prompted the former Minister of Finance, Mr Ruding, to say 'The road to budgetary hell is paved with guarantees'.
Oh, so you respect this vote, do you?
Should the procedure for recognising companies established by young people be legally regulated?
I agree with Mr von Habsburg that it is by no means certain that these goals are achieved, but the result is that the European Union is now importing large quantities of flowers without any form of protection.
And the case of Amina Lawal, sentenced by the Islamic court in Bakori, is still pending.
I am sorry but we are not satisfied with the response and we would have preferred to have heard the Commission's position in this debate and not through press statements.
We need specific proposals, both for legislation and for action programmes associated with the fight against discrimination and the formation of free and fair societies.
However, this is not necessarily the case in the new Member States.
A minimum wage is certainly a good idea, but it should be provided within a meaningful overall package of tax relief for workers and also for Europe's small and medium-sized enterprises.
And if I remind you of all this, it is also in order to say clearly, on a personal level, that I largely approve of the joint resolution which is being proposed to us.
In the course of our own investigations something else quite deplorable took me by surprise: the 15 Member States are equal under the Treaty, but we noted that some are more equal than others. One such is the United Kingdom: effectively it rejected Community controls, and the Commission acquiesced in that situation.
Similarly, I am delighted that the MICE programme has been set up for independent research into certain medicines.
The question they raise is will European harmonization jeopardize their right to operate their specialist vehicles?
In this regard, port inspections, with the selective criteria we have proposed and which have been approved thanks to the support of this Parliament, and which the Council also approved, clearly mean that, as soon as a ship flying that flag reaches a European Union port, it will be thoroughly inspected.
Parliament insisted then, and still insists, that the Turkish Government establish legal frameworks, in accordance with the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights, which will allow non-Muslim religious groups and Alevis to function without unnecessary restrictions.
On the question of whether to exempt energy-intensive industries, in our view the Commission's proposal has advantages and disadvantages.
With respect to the rights of MEPs, if a committee submits proposals for a decision in Plenary, it is not for the Parliamentary Services, or any other bodies, to decide whether these proposals are right or wrong.
The attacks in London and Madrid alarmed the population because they hit civilian targets and unsuspecting citizens on their way to work, school or hospital.
Unfortunately, we well know how, for example, the need for energy means that too many of the individual Member States continue to be hypocritical when it comes to our large neighbour’s human rights record and its violations of the rule of law.
I think that for the safety of the transport of dangerous goods a short a transition period as possible is needed in order to implement this Directive.
Our promptings in this regard have not really been satisfied.
Dichloromethanes, as we have heard, are substances with a uniquely hazardous profile.
We would like to thank the Commission for playing the role of mediator between the other two institutions.
It is a measure of the maturity of a nation when it is able to confront its past and denounce that which needs to be denounced in its history.
What stands out with Feira is that it limited itself to just one addition to the agenda: closer cooperation, which is therefore registered as an urgent and crucial issue.
This directive will also improve the everyday life of these people.
Turkey is not a European country, either geographically or culturally.
That is why it has been drafted in this way.
We have turned from strategic partners of third Mediterranean countries into neighbours.
The committee addressed problems raised regarding the application of the patent system, the traditional instrument of industrial policy which favours the private funding of research, to those biotechnological and biomedical innovations that have to do with living organisms and therefore pose delicate questions of the limits between invention as a product of human activity and the discovery of living material, which cannot be appropriated.
This is also what I am trying to do with my report on European industrial competitiveness, which will be considered in Strasbourg in a couple of weeks' time.
Indeed, it would be impossible to predict with accuracy, on a five-year basis, all the problem areas in which the Community needs to intervene for the purposes of consumer protection.
Priorities have been established and I am very happy that we have fewer priorities this year than we had in the first instance last year.
In recent years, the situation has deteriorated.
I therefore hope that you will implement Parliament' s reasonable proposals and that you will give up your plan to postpone this once again until the year 2003.
It is something for which we can all be grateful to the men and women who had to take on responsibility, after 8 May 1945, for the work of unification that they achieved.
The greatest benefit is standardised labelling, from the perspective of the Committee on Internal Market, consumers and companies.
An extremely important part of our building policy, therefore, is not just concentrating on moving into new buildings but making sure that we dispose properly of leases on existing buildings such as Van Maerlant and the Belliard building.
The report correctly emphasises the need for Member States to implement guidelines in a way which seeks to combat discrimination whether it is based on sex, racial or ethnic origin, religion or belief, disability, age, or sexual orientation.
We should aim in fact to lead, rather than harness, the globalisation process.
Nothing much had happened before the initiative by Sweden and Ireland, amongst others, which prompted new questions about a realistic way to eliminate nuclear weapons.
Before the vote:
Therefore we could not go along with the proposal to simply incorporate the resources and the expenditure into Chapter III, internal policies of the budget, and to delete any reference to earmarked revenue.
I am convinced that only a good information campaign during the Euro 2008 Championship about the need to prevent trafficking in women and forced prostitution will open the eyes of the public and expose this horrible type of violence against girls and women.
I must tell you that this episode, linked to the Seville Summit, has caused a small political storm in Portugal and has been used by many opponents of the European Union as an argument against the European Union itself.
These questions, too, must be answered if one is to lapse into grandiloquent lyricism; otherwise, one pulls the wool over citizens' eyes.
The acquisition of a diverse range of language skills is of the greatest importance for all EU citizens, since it enables them to derive full economic, social and cultural benefit from freedom of movement within the Union and from the Union's relations with third countries.
We must prevent this happening at all costs.
Trans-European telecommunications networks
I want to deal with a specific issue relating to mobility, which we all agree is necessary and is good for Europe.
I wish to say that we have supported within this proposal for a directive the position that self-employed women, spouses and life partners of self-employed workers who decide to have children should enjoy social protection and paid leave.
The SIS II system will enable the Schengen area to be enlarged to cover the new Member States as quickly as possible, by updating it, increasing its capacity and introducing the new possibilities offered by the most recent technological developments.
We must focus on that.
In this context, it is clear that bringing concrete benefits to our partners will make the world a better place, not only for the people directly benefiting from EC assistance but also for European citizens.
I think Parliament can be pleased that it has at least achieved one great step forward in putting in place a financial mechanism which will bring forward the demonstration projects.
The key task of the authority will be risk assessment in the area of food safety.
The Russian Federation must demonstrate by deeds its statements of good intentions as it has a firm responsibility to the eastern border of Romania and NATO.
This is the idea behind the introduction of a framework directive on services of general interest. The latter would guarantee public services a stable legislative framework and adequate funding in compliance with the principles of universality and equality of access.
   The next item is the report (A6-0035/2005) by Mrs Figueiredo, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the social situation in the European Union.
Thirdly, electronic payment must be encouraged, that is true, but it must also become cheaper.
Nevertheless, and in the light of the substantial under-use of the resources for structural measures, the Council has decided to lower the level of payment appropriations.
However, the Council shares the concerns expressed by the honourable Member in her question and considers that it is important to preserve social cohesion and to promote the growth and economic recovery of the European Union, which is suffering from the effects of the global crisis.
The Green Paper on an integrated product policy should, in my opinion, be the framework for the formulation of a series of guidelines and proposals that will enable both producers and consumers to make full use of the instruments and opportunities offered by the market to be able to make it function in a way that is better adapted to the practice of sustainable development.
Lastly, in financing, it is important to make a clear distinction between measures with structural consequences and the measures of other structural funds.
So, 300 000 to 400 000 0-6-year olds are permanently brain-damaged and 1 000 000 0-6-year olds are permanently stunted.
Furthermore, the citizens of my region keep making the same criticisms: too complicated, too much red tape, too slow.
What went wrong in Gothenburg and Genoa did not in Ghent.
We must all support this fight, at our own level, persuaded as we are that society as a whole will enjoy the benefits of balance within society and within individuals.
Tomorrow, the Socialist Group will support the Andersson report and the work of the Commission because we believe that in fact the changes proposed are not frivolous, or opportunistic, but that they respond to our social commitment to this generation of workers, to these citizens, and also to those who will live in Europe in the next generation.
The problem with this is that it may lead to trade protection for trade marks belonging to a titular holder, usually a company, thus threatening the designation of origin, as in the case of Limiano cheese.
Sponsoring undertakings have realised the need to achieve improved cost control and more stable earnings in order to match their pension promises.
It creates the prerequisites for the European Union, following enlargement, to be able to act as a decisive factor in European development, and, of course, for it also to be able effectively to influence developments in the world.
The Commission nonetheless believes that the text of the common position constitutes a reasonable solution.
The 2007 Work Programme builds on these new foundations.
The United Kingdom is a great nation.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, once again, we are discussing the Commission's and the Council's mandate in relation to the SWIFT project.
Mr President, I have recently started to take a keen interest in waste issues, not simply because of the environmental needs of saving our planet's resources, but also because I represent Wales, a region which has one of the worst records on waste in the EU.
In February this year, the group presented a mid-term working document to the European Commission, which illustrated the main challenges related to the commercialisation of key enabling technologies in Europe.
We do not see that everywhere.
Some of our partners are announcing their intentions by press statements; but we have announced our intentions by law, law that is already agreed by all the Member States.
What could the future look like?
Under Article 49 of the Treaty on European Union, any European state which respects the principles set out in Article 6(1) may apply to become a member of the Union.
The Member States have taken a step towards an acceptable package that can be fine-tuned.
FGM is known to cause a wide range of immediate, long-term complications and even death for women subjected to the practice.
Now, they are, in fact, happening again.
The country has recently been going through a political crisis, with part of the opposition boycotting the parliament.
Today I am referring to judges such as Judge Afiuni, and as always to ordinary Venezuelans, who, like the thousands of canaries that live there, only want to live in peace and freedom. These people aspire to safeguard their land and their affairs without the permanent uncertainty of 'what will happen tomorrow'.
The Lebanon and Algeria will not abide by these commitments, although for different reasons, of course.
However, here is my question: Mr McCreevy, what is the point of a society that does not serve its people?
Any Directive, no matter how good it is, can only be of value if it is regularly monitored - monitored, moreover, to an equal degree in each and every Member State.
This is one of the reasons why it is important to encourage farmers to change to more environmentally friendly animal husbandry methods.
   . Ladies and gentlemen, the climate conference to take place in December will be a historic one, as now it is a known fact that the Kyoto Protocol is to enter into force.
In my opinion, therefore, the main issue at stake is not whether we grant a debt deferment, debt reduction, debt moratorium or suchlike, but whether debts are cancelled, as these countries need the money that at present they spend almost exclusively on interest – not even on repayment – to tackle their economic, social and environmental problems.
Close cooperation with existing initiatives in the area of cultural heritage, such as UNESCO World Cultural Heritage, may be a more effective approach.
I do believe that a true and transparent budget involves it being specified at the beginning of each year just how much money is available.
We are proposing, among other things, that consumers should have the right to compensation if an agreed service and its quality are not delivered.
This summit in Copenhagen must become a summit for enlargement.
That would be absurd.
There is a surplus in the textile industry of 5.4 billion but there is a deficit of 22.6 billion in the clothing industry.
Perhaps this is because it cannot be objected to on legal or economic grounds.
Whilst in the short term there is an urgent need for an independent commission to investigate the recent disappearances, abductions and extra-judicial executions, in the long term we must repeat the call made by this House in the last resolution for a wide-ranging human rights agreement between the parties involved in the civil war and its facilitation by an effective independent international monitoring mission.
We have to remember that this piece of legislation is Member State driven, and the fact that the Member States have met and managed to agree a comprehensive list of projects has to be recognised positively, whilst not denying Parliament its rights under the codecision procedure.
Let us transcend our religious differences in order to achieve a more humane world, preferably without violence.
Mr President, Commissioner, one thing of which I am certain, having taken part in this delegation, is that, today, it is completely inappropriate to apply the word 'peace' to Chechnya. Three thousand were killed at the start of the year.
This European civil protection force would also be very useful for intervening in external situations such as in Haiti.
We welcome the decision on taxes and revenues as well as the start of the release of political prisoners by Israel.
We have such high regard for the US that we need to make this appeal in a proper manner.
We must now use the Europe 2020 strategy to create new sources of growth, to unleash the potential of the internal market to drive our economy forward.
On the other hand, Slovak children in Hungary can only dream of having Slovak schools.
Foot-and-mouth disease (RC B5-0303/2001)
That is my main concern.
These are the questions which we should also be asking.
Adopting the Statute will, however, have significant consequences for the concept of the parliamentary mandate itself, specifically with regard to the nationals of the State in which those Members are elected - an aspect which only the rapporteur appears not to have fully understood.
Getting jobs is our Holy Grail.
If we are lucky, we will see a world approach to outlaw these very bad practices.
Now we would like to create a modern programme based on these roots.
They should ensure that there is greater stability in the field of financial services and, where trade agreements are concerned, they should ensure that social standards are gradually raised across the board so as to contribute to there being greater justice in this world.
Following a special report, the European Parliament last year adopted a revised version of the Code of Good Administrative Behaviour.
Although I say that there is no basic difference between the Commission and Parliament over the 19 September 1995 resolution on Turkey, it goes without saying that the Commission will not lay before you drafts that do not correspond to the letter and the spirit of that resolution.
Our programmes in the Mediterranean are at the core of my agenda, along with the reinvigoration of the Barcelona process.
Madam President, thank you all for your patience in the Chamber.
Let me conclude by saying that I think that the worldwide impetus generated by this unprecedented disaster makes it necessary for the developed countries, today, to give consideration to the rescheduling of these countries’ debts across the board.
author. - (DE) Mr President, the current behaviour of the government of Ukraine will definitely not make the country's move into Europe any easier.
There is a ring of friends in which Morocco and Russia will be treated on the same terms, in the same way.
Moreover, other people have to work on Fridays, and not to want to work on Fridays sets a very poor example to everybody.
The questions which you have just put relate to the debate on the Middle East scheduled for tomorrow.
If a country like Mauritania wants to meet its obligations, keep the Lome-Agreement and accept appropriate standards, then it must also take full heed of certain standards which we set.
We have been working on this issue for many years and this is an important achievement, bringing an end to a persistent irritant in EU-Russia relations.
Written declarations included in the register (Rule 116): see Minutes
We also need the support of the Committee on Budgetary Control if we really are to achieve the objective of awarding small sums in aid without incurring high administrative costs.
The very fact that I underwent surgery means that I have no such miracle power, does it not?
Madam President, as has already been mentioned, this week is certainly not a normal plenary part-session. For two months, this thing we call war has been in progress, a terrible war against terrorism.
First, that we need to give ourselves conflict prevention capabilities.
The second is that the greater the differences in development, the more funding should go to less-developed regions and Member States.
Like a number of previous speakers, I, too, wish to consider the economic problem and the problem of finding funding for projects, which, in my view, should be incorporated into the pubic domain.
Let us really tackle the real source of the problems in these countries - bad governance, and protectionism in the EU.
During that recent visit to the United States, we made good progress in some of these areas.
Dates of forthcoming sittings: see Minutes
Thank you, Mrs Niebler.
The crisis shows that we should strike the northern gas pipeline off the list of European Commission priorities in order to avoid a Russian monopoly in Europe.
I abstained because it was my party's whip to abstain on this report, but everybody knows that food security is a very important subject to us all, which is why I am bemused by the way that this place deals with such a matter.
We should recall that the accession negotiations are broken up into nearly 40 different chapters of talks, covering every ambit of social and economic activity that is carried out by the European Union.
   Mr President, I think we should all be a little bit ashamed of ourselves because we are living in what we are calling a diplomatic society and civilisation, which is supposed to be one of the most advanced civilisations in the history of the world.
We all have confidence in you to negotiate with our Irish friends and to convince the few Member States that are still hesitating to ratify it and to do so once and for all.
Security is a right: it means not being attacked in one's own workplace, walking the streets without risking one's life, not being the object of violence as a woman, not being exposed to acts of terrorism.
I believe that the fact that certain countries of the European Union have not signed the Strasbourg Agreement, as the rapporteur has quite rightly said, obliges us even more as the European Union – in view of the imminent entry of ten new countries – to establish certain rules in order to simplify as far as possible the procedures necessary for the free movement of mortal remains within the European Union.
The Commissioner has already commented that women's rights in certain areas of the country are under assault, but I say this is also happening at central government level.
We prefer full openness to a new bureaucracy in Brussels, a leaner and more transparent EU instead of fat times for yet more fraudsters.
The aims of the White Paper are right: we want to improve knowledge about chemicals and we want a safer world.
We should focus special attention on the importance of solidarity.
But that alone is not enough.
Mr Brammertz has assured the Committee on Foreign Affairs that a great deal is being done.
I must say that not only do I not tire of doing this, but I think that it is essential to continue to speak out in public about this violation of human rights, as you cannot defend a cause without a sounding board.
Commission. (DE) Mr Medina Ortega, on the first point, I can tell you that the Commission has allocated substantial human and financial resources to improving conditions in Romania's childcare institutions for many years.
In this context, I would like to mention that the Memorandum of Understanding between the Commission, the EIB and the EBRD was signed early in March.
However, this should only be the first step to deal with it, both at European and international level.
This requires a large contribution from public funds.
More than ever, the European Union must be involved in this fight.
The Commission believes that sanctions should be kept as a last resort to discourage major setbacks such as the suspension of the constitution or the cancellation of the 2002 presidential elections.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am one of those people who has brought one of the first citizens' initiative petitions into being, specifically, on the subject of protecting Sundays.
It is obvious there is a regulatory failure, among things.
It was the subject of really lengthy discussion in the first Convention, and I cannot see any reason to amend it again.
Besides agreeing on the importance of working directly with citizens, the second thing I would like to pick up on is the general issue of fundamental rights.
Our group supports the former position expressed by Parliament, according to which the Council must agree to amend the financial perspectives, particularly with regard to Category 4.
For example: health information and data on the cancer burden that will highlight inequalities and best practices across Europe; preventative measures and health promotion on topics such as tobacco, nutrition and alcohol; best practices on treatment and integrated cancer care, such as palliative care; bringing together expertise through European reference networks; providing investment in infrastructure through the Structural Funds; and support for cancer research at Community level.
For some months the pace of the accession negotiations has been very fast.
I would like to give fair warning to the Council that, in the negotiations on the electricity and gas directives that we are about to begin, the issue of energy poverty will be fundamental to our agreement.
The first is the humanitarian level.
I would like to conclude this debate, Madam President, by reading a few words penned by the great writer Vasilij Grossman, who described the most tragic moments of the Holodomor in his novel Forever Flowing.
Madam President, this discussion has clarified some of the things that we need to remember.
This will then enable plenary to spend more time on more important matters.
The efforts made as regards Bosnia have been inadequate and insufficiently successful, and by this I mean both our efforts and theirs.
We have always been in favour of any contribution Parliament could make in relation to the launch of this strategic partnership, and we enthusiastically welcome these recommendations today.
I would ask the President-in-Office of the Council to be a strong captain of his Council team and to increase teamwork with his fellow players – cooperation with Parliament, for example, was one of the reasons for the success of the Austrian Presidency.
Last but not least, the proper operation of this organisation is important to all of us who want to see an assertive, efficient, multilateral mechanism whose actions promote these values.
From now on, we have to focus our attention on the interests of the European Union, interests that we are going to defend forcefully, in the textile sector: market access; intellectual property, the Euro-Mediterranean zone, rules of origin and origin marking.
We must at last make progress with retraining the Afghan police force and judiciary.
The main questions we have to pose now are, first, where we want to bring Belarus and, second, how we can do it.
We have to act now, before it is too late.
Therefore I would like to ask colleagues to support amendments 166/167, 170/171, 175 and 194, and to oppose the inclusion of any genetic contamination threshold, which means to oppose the AGRI Committee's amendment 41 and any others with this effect.
For this reason there must also be a clear mandate.
Secondly, specific industrial sites must be defined, while - let us remember, Commissioner - large amounts of money and European funds have been provided to regenerate industrial wasteland and convert some of it into theme parks.
Not only are no new mechanisms for democratic control being introduced, but existing ones are being weakened.
Finally, I would thank Mr Newman and colleagues on the Committee on Petitions for the support and sympathy they gave to the pensioners.
Last December the Commission published recommendations on ways of strengthening the ENP, which our President-in-Office of the Council has already presented.
This is an important step in the right direction.
Problems central to child prostitution can only be combated at European level (the networking of perpetrators through the Internet and the lack of cooperation regarding cross-border surveillance and law enforcement).
This is because, ladies and gentlemen, in all these numbers, we are forgetting about the people who did not cause the crisis; we are forgetting about unemployment and the worsening social situation.
The amendments agreed would mean that foreign broadcasters could no longer be fined for breaching the Hungarian media law's provisions on protection of minors or incitement to hatred.
However, we consider that fixing a date for the end of the transitional period is premature at this stage and could create an obstacle to the necessary quick adoption of the amending proposal by the Council.
I stress the word 'political' because, from an economic point of view, the Agreement is much more beneficial for Europe than for Syria.
This last group also discusses a wide range of subjects which its members can propose for inclusion on the agenda.
The question arises as to what role a specialised committee should continue to play when the Committee on Budgets, in a generous gesture, simply sweeps all the carefully considered, moderate proposals from the table?
This is why we support a pragmatic approach and reject a raft of unrealistic demands that would heavily penalise the European chemical industry.
Lastly, I support the guidelines set out by Mr Langen in the text adopted today, not least because financial derivatives are not just the prerogative of professionals in the sector, but are instruments for mass-market use.
This sort of move would damage manufacturers and exporters of oriental and Burley strains of tobacco manufactured in the EU, at the same time wiping out the competition for Virginia-type cigarettes and tobacco, of which Brazil is the most important manufacturer and exporter in the world.
Over the last year I have had several meetings with Mr Erdogan, President Papadopoulos and the United Nations staff involved in this issue.
As the recent Green Paper on energy policy tells us, unless we can make our domestic energy more competitive in the next couple of decades, 70% of the Union’s energy requirements will have to be met by imported products, compared to a figure of only 50% today.
In the case of tobacco, I would like to point out the difference in style between Commissioner Fischler and Commissioner Flynn.
Battery cages must be got rid of entirely, and the sooner the better.
Something else, too, about the new agencies.
This programme was subjected to technical scrutiny during the Council meeting, and the Commission, to which the elements of this proposal had been presented beforehand, took the view that there is essentially no recognizable alternative to the programme but that it is also necessary, of course, to discuss any technical additions to this programme in the Standing Veterinary Committee.
Then there is the external perspective: what can the Commission and the EU do on the external stage?
During periods of weak demand on the world economy, the price war between Airbus and Boeing has been, and remains, intense.
   Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, Luxembourg’s Presidency of the Council in this first half of 2005 is very probably the last of its kind that we shall see.
It grew rich by creating wealth.
To some it might not seem that the issues we face this week show the policy of enlargement as being effectively delivered.
Ladies and gentlemen, the market for products obtained through genetic engineering, which is developing very rapidly at a world level, presents two major problems.
Finally, I compliment and reassure Mr Ahern on his continuing mastery of the English language so that he might have the confidence to abandon the foolish notion of wasting millions of euros of taxpayers' money on making Irish an official language of these institutions.
Lastly I should like to thank the Transport Committee for their constructive response to my draft report, and to all those who supplied the building bricks for it I am grateful for their cooperation and creative input.
One important fact I would like to point out is that the way in which licences are obtained, the training methods and the examination methods have become more harmonised.
It happened after the junta showed its desire to not respect any of the democratic demands of its people, and this is a bad omen.
But I can in fact tell you that both the airlines themselves and the various international organisations concerned with flight safety are devoting constant attention to this particular issue, which means that it is still being examined and in future things will no doubt go in the direction you are advocating, although of course for all us frequent fliers that could make life more difficult.
From the amendments in bloc 2, the Commission cannot accept amendments 2, 3, 5, 10, 11, 12, 13 or 18.
I can only wholeheartedly agree with your remarks.
I can assure you that the Commission will continue to pay close attention to the development of democracy in Hong Kong.
When we talk about south-south assistance we should at the same time congratulate the Iranian Red Crescent for mobilising more than 8 000 relief workers, and, despite what Robert Kilroy-Silk may say in the UK, Arab countries, who have offered 400 million for the reconstruction of Bam.
Let us stop sensationalising the work of the Court of Auditors.
in writing. - (LT) Financial education is an important matter on the EU's agenda, especially in the midst of the financial crisis.
It will go on developing and is doing so on a worldwide basis.
For these reasons we think that the euro coins should be nickel-free, that the denominations should be of different sizes and that the coins should have room for national designs on one side of the coin.
During a conference organised jointly by the United States of America and the Philippines in March, the very lucrative aspect of this new market was also raised.
I, too, remain of the same view as my fellow Member, Mrs Vălean, the rapporteur for this report, that it would have been a good idea for this regulation to be discussed on a codecision basis.
Bowel cancer is a new area for screening, with new tests available.
This is a good example, though.
In particular, it should be noted that in the case of some harmful substances - arsenic compounds, cyanides and chlorinated hydrocarbons - the damage to health is not direct; diseases such as cancer may not occur until many years later.
I repeat: no such rules would have to be weakened.
This report is meant to contribute to doing so.
This, then, is the aim of the Commission's proposed open coordination policy, which is similar to the method already used - incidentally with success - for employment, for example.
However, I would urge caution on the idea of abolishing the right to call for separate votes between the ACP and the EU.
First of all, solidarity is very necessary: some countries are carried along by others while some have more strength than others.
In good times they are sought after, only to be sacked when times are hard.
I am ready to join my colleagues from the Council and Mr Solana in a Troika and go to the region to support the Iraqis as soon as a new government is in place.
The Union will therefore continue to clearly express its concerns with regard to the freedom of the press and will continue to insist that the role of the press be adequately respected, as should be the case within the context of freedom, within a democratic system.
It is a balanced proposal that is consistent with industrial constraints and with the requirements of users.
Mr Andria's report on promoting the efficient settlement of securities therefore requires our full attention.
That is why Italy, a country that has always believed deeply in Europe, realises that it now has a further duty: it must imagine - or start imagining - how to enable countries that are willing to do so to make real progress in furthering European unity.
As the chairman of the committee responsible, let me say that we are making preparations to shape the parliamentary procedure as speedily as possible so that there is no delay on Parliament's part, and so that the date envisaged for the signing of the Treaties can be adhered to.
Mr President, the European Union has had fishing agreements with Mauritania for over two decades.
Thirdly, it expects the Commission to put forward a proposal on the European Private Company to fulfil the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises.
I have to say that, listening to this debate, I quite wonder whether some people ever intended that these resolutions should be implemented.
(DA) Mr President, I should like to dispute a most fundamental premise, namely the premise that dividing ourselves into fewer groups gives us more political coherence.
Last but not least, I would like to congratulate the Slovenian Presidency on the excellent result that we have achieved.
Now we have a classic conflict between the Parliament, which has made it clear that it wants an end to animal testing, and the Council, which has done its best to ensure that no marketing ban is introduced.
In other words, once again, in order to develop a so-called 'under-capitalised' industry, given that the private sector will not take risks in this area without a safety net, the public is being called upon to finance future private profits.
I must add that the results of previous conferences, Rome and Monterrey, to be specific, did not give rise to such expectations either.
It required a considerable effort on the part of every Member State and a good deal of compromise.
An explanatory declaration arouses suspicion that something has been concealed in the body of the text.
It goes without saying that at the moment, the achievement of a stable and secure Mediterranean area is threatened by the situation in the Middle East.
I am looking forward to cooperating with all the political groups in Parliament with a view to developing the European Union.
I am referring to power industry problems.
It was none the worse for that, but perhaps I will be forgiven for concentrating very largely on the report because there are some extremely important issues that I want to touch on.
The European summit will be an opportunity to furnish such evidence in the form of a sensible compromise.
The Commission will intensify its efforts into the next year.
But I am not for adopting cosmetic exercises.
A second set of amendments concerns accounting which, on the pretext that statistics show that women's life expectancy is longer than men's, works to the disadvantage of women when carrying out the calculation of contributions and pensions.
The brake on the real economy caused by financial malpractice must be released as quickly as possible to enable the single market to resume its development.
It has been shown particularly in Germany that a mark of origin plays a central role in regaining consumer confidence.
And we must also bear in mind that this is how it was born.
The Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations opposes this standardisation as, in our view, such a statute should remain under the remit of each country.
Opening of the sitting (first sitting of the newly elected Parliament)
Everyone must realise that.
As soon as we know the results, what caused the accident, we will carry out analyses, and if there is a need to strengthen some of the measures, it will be done.
We are also opposed to the report's assumption that the Schengen Agreement and the Treaty of Amsterdam are already clear and ratified.
I consider that such a request is not only acceptable but would also encourage both parties to observe the spirit of this new agreement.
We think it important that the transitional rules apply for as short a time as possible.
Independent justice, full access to television and radio, free and fair elections, unimpeded participation of all democratic politicians in elections and control of the secret services - those are matters on which we can help.
Are there any objections?
This future must be built by us, with the power of our institutions, creating the common defence and foreign policy structures which the Maastricht and Amsterdam Treaties have promised to the European people.
Between the systems of authorisation and notification we favour the system of notification because with this system, when an application is submitted to the Ethics Committee, the regulatory authority will be notified, and the investigator may commence with the trial thereby cutting the bureaucracy to a minimum.
We accordingly need to take advantage of the full range of resources that the Union can harness in crisis situations.
Furthermore, I believe we must welcome something which is also very positive, at a time when we have observers from the future member countries, and that is that they have participated fully in the work of the Convention before actually joining the Union.
These measures include: support to networks of intermediaries in specific sectors of technological fields to help SMEs with proposals, preparations, partner searches etc.; targeted calls in areas of particular interest for SMEs, as well as funding schemes dedicated to SME support, the outsourcing of research by SMEs and SME associations.
If you do not obey, you will be isolated and the international community will support the opposition within the country.
Irrespective of whether it is an independent bank or part of the European Investment Bank, it is to be a forum dedicated to development, in which European and Southern Mediterranean operators work side by side.
The fact that the system works is proof that the market, competition and environmental protection are not mutually exclusive ideas.
First, about where the ownership of vessels will rest and second that this is purely an emergency measure and will not open the back door to a wider export scheme.
It is also true that the implementation of European Court of Human Rights judgments is mandatory for all States that are party to the European Convention on Human Rights, and Italy, like any other party involved in this case, has the right, under Article 43 of the Convention, to request a transfer of proceedings to the Grand Chamber within three months of the date of the judgment.
This is causing huge hardship to great sectors of the population and the lack of purchasing power therefore has a consequence on the food supply.
That is where the Agency comes in.
Mr President, in the previous debate in September last year I confirmed that health and safety was an important issue, and I commended the rapporteur on the thought that he had put into his work.
The last Member States to join the EU need resources and support from the European Union in order to achieve these ambitious targets.
I profoundly and fundamentally disagree with the Council' s attitude, and to a lesser extent with that of the Commissioner, because I believe that certain fundamental issues must be clarified immediately.
A week or so before the meeting in Noordwijk, the presidency issued a kind of summary working document which had no official status, but simply gave the presidency's view of how the negotiations had gone so far and clearly indicated to the contracting parties where we stood and how we were to proceed on the basis of the presidency's proposals.
That is the reason we support this; it is not the only reason but a major reason.
The time limit for communicating the decision made is reduced from 9 to 6 months and from 12 to 9 months in exceptional cases.
The claim that subsidies for agricultural produce in the EU are responsible for the underdevelopment of the third world and should therefore gradually be abolished has been swallowed hook, line and sinker in a frenzy of hypocrisy.
The impact of the economic crisis has been felt significantly harder outside the EU's euro area. Romania is an example of this where, in spite of current appropriate economic measures, the impact of the crisis is considerable.
However, if we really want to achieve permanent enlargement, it is vital that we involve the citizens and their representatives more and more.
Whereas coordinated monetary policies should take a higher priority in the transatlantic partnership.
Furthermore, the Council will encourage Turkey to use its influence to promote a speedy solution to the issue of Cyprus.
What I do like, Commissioner, is that you, in your information, provide evidence of a transparent policy.
It is my conviction that these regulations have an important complementary character with regard to existing Community legislation.
There can be no European foreign policy unless we first have a shared internal policy within the European Union; there can be no foreign policy in Europe unless we first create an area of freedom capable of dealing with the fight against terrorism.
That is a point which I have put to my Russian colleagues and interlocutors on a number of occasions.
Mr President, the rapporteurs imply that ensuring social cohesion in an enlarged Europe consists of levelling out the differences between countries and regions. They do not, however, have anything to say about the inequalities within the same country, including the richest ones.
It is a great pleasure for me to appear in this House to inform you of two issues which are related for obvious reasons.
Shame on the Prodi centre-left government in Italy.
Is it an expression of common interests, or is it simply that, in this joint fight against terrorism, we have to close our eyes to a great many things: to the Russian war in Chechnya, to how the Turks treat the Kurds, to how Israel is treating the Palestinian people - all because we are in an alliance against terror, a transatlantic alliance?
There is also freedom from want and freedom from fear, which are closely related to human rights and to the human security concept.
The third thing that matters to us is that the institutions be renewed and made more representative and more efficient, and so we have reiterated our call for a seat for Europe.
Good and ambitious objectives need to be followed up by concrete action, or else we lose credibility.
However, we have to be very clear that it is up to national and regional authorities to take up the possibilities available to them in assisting the sector during this difficult time.
That is why I should like to refer to Amendment No 34, which spells this out clearly.
I am, of course, thinking of the local, legislative and presidential elections announced for 2011.
We must not tolerate what China is intending to do in Nigeria and its disregard for human rights.
I do not understand the logic or maybe the commitments should only be taken when they agree with the Socialist group?
That the previous elections went better than these therefore means that no attention was paid by international bodies, including the European Union, to ensuring that this was a progressive and not a regressive process.
We have also set out previously an overall strategy for support for the transition process in Ukraine.
The Rules Committee has done that; we have based ourselves largely on the opinion given by the Committee on Budgetary Control.
In conclusion, what we need is a joined-up approach which goes across a range of policy areas.
I accept that the cost of Galileo is around EUR 3 billion, which means the involvement of the private sector is essential, but the benefits to Europe in both economic and social terms will be immense.
It is too early to rest on our laurels, but at the same time, the European Union must remain reasonable.
We need to create.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - Mr President, I thank the Commissioner for his contribution.
Overall, then, the problems posed by the continuity of contracts seem less complex than had initially been thought.
One solution might be the use of model contracts.
That, Mr Barroso, is why we shall be ready, tomorrow, to sign the contract of confidence with you.
They have to help with the housework, they have to contribute to the daily provision of food for the whole family, they have to look after the infants, they have to sell any leftovers at market and they have to fetch drinking water.
For instance, as Mr Lehne said just now, we need to think about a European criminal sanction when it is truly indispensable for ensuring that Community law is effective, while respecting the principle of the need for the criminal sanction and the principle of proportionality.
I voted in favour of this report because I agree with its underlying spirit: to simplify and harmonise EU legislation on imports of textile products in order to facilitate trade with third countries.
I accept - and have always accepted - that the budgetary process involves both Council and Parliament.
The Commission because it misjudged the fisheries agreement, thereby actually reducing our margin, and of course the Council because it allowed Africa to foot the bill for the remainder.
Subject: Strict compliance with the Amsterdam Treaty
In the same manner, I think the human rights instrument needs to have oomph.
The EU is loud and clear if it speaks with one voice.
There may still be a plant that is rented out to one brand or another as a subcontractor, but of course, that is a particularly uncertain future.
I think that our examination will be complete once we have proposed applying this conditionality arrangement to bilateral cooperation by Member States of the European Union.
One of the propositions I would make is that the recent talks between Mr Olmert and Mr Mahmoud Abbas about - in effect - a final status solution, should reflect the negotiations that Mr Olmert himself, a young parliamentarian, had in 1987, where he and the PLO negotiated privately actually to talk about the capital of the Palestinian state in East Jerusalem, about the borders of 1967, and about some settlers returning.
President-in-Office of the Council, I wish you every success.
I agree with the rapporteur that it is advisable to continue promoting the open standards developed by European Union standards bodies in relation to the switchover to digital and the interoperability of services, and to further this action by promoting European digital television standards in other parts of the world.
Are we going to hide behind the lack of global agreement?
Interim President Karzai should have every interest in this.
(Applause)
The main progress achieved by this directive, as compared with existing legislation, is that patients will be able to choose their healthcare provider and will have access to information on the quality and safety of the care they will receive.
Here, however, we must pay attention to certain issues.
Because we want it to be watertight.
It is because China ignores basic human rights and ignores its own so-called rule of law that we are able to criticize.
I am convinced that your contacts with the European Parliament will strengthen the parliamentary dialogue and that the talks that you will hold will mark a new stage in the strengthening of relations between the Syrian people and the European Union.
Administrative expenditure will have to be adapted to the new requirements.
So we shall support the report.
However, today we are concerned to learn that other representatives of the Union seem to have turned their backs on the Union' s democratic role.
I also expect that it will call for the early ratification of the Europol Convention by the Member States by the end of 1997 at the latest.
However, our continued support for the draft regulation depends on the Commission addressing the major concerns that the rapporteur raised in his speech last night.
Drawing on my experience with cosmonautics, I myself am still convinced that we in Europe are going in the right direction.
Subject: Protection of intellectual property
I will only mention one of them, which would create a special article concerned with questions of language and how these declarations have to be notified.
For that reason, we must welcome and develop communications-satellite projects such as Sky Bridge, the European answer to Teledesic, and the success of the Ariane programme in the domain of carrier services; the programmes for the construction of navigation satellites and the creation of satellite navigation systems are taking us in the right direction.
Thank you, Commissioner Liikanen.
I am ashamed to say that not all of those who are not here are genuinely not here.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, permit me first of all to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz, for her important contribution to this debate on the common position of the Council concerning the SAVE II programme.
It would be superfluous for me to repeat here the reasons that led to my vote of approval. It goes without saying that these reasons are to be found in the report itself.
Furthermore, the approval of Decision No 574/2007/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the External Borders Fund for the period 2007 to 2013 as part of the General programme 'Solidarity and Management of Migration Flows', is another important step for the promotion of solidarity and will establish a new means of extending financial aid to the Member States that apply the provisions of the Schengen Agreement at their external borders.
It is essential if we wish to fulfil the objectives that we set ourselves in Lisbon.
It has 180 member towns and cities and is supported by local authority membership fees.
Cooperation between the courts of the Member States in the taking of evidence in civil or commercial matters (short presentation)
We more or less tolerated the secret police, who at that time were working against people and torturing people.
First I want to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for the information he has provided in response to the question.
The Committee believes it to be necessary that such safeguards be put in place, as they have already had a beneficial effect on the Committee’s own capacities and improved its response to European citizens’ needs.
The rest is invested from the budgets of the Member States.
Mr President, our discussions have focussed exclusively on the broad outlines, and, whilst these are, of course, very important, the problems lie in the detail.
Through constructive negotiations we have, in my view, achieved a successful overall result that sends out a clear signal of our solidarity with the applicant countries.
This is not a proposal that provides better information.
Small will be bigger tomorrow and give new jobs and more prosperity.
Is the Commission prepared to support this regulation's introducing a binding condition concerning this matter?
I believe that the Commission and the Member States should continue to play a leading role and ensure that, at the 8th Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity, agreement is reached on measurable objectives and a specific time frame for the achievement of such objectives.
One is to provide assistance following the misfortune that has recently befallen it.
So I hope our debate will be calm and pragmatic and not an ideologically based debate.
The former works outside the EU, the latter inside the EU, and they have different objectives.
And we are hoping - we have started - to encourage all the federal states in the United States which apply capital punishment to think about that risk and introduce a moratorium like the one in Illinois with a view to achieving abolition of the death penalty throughout the country.
Its role is also recognised through its inclusion among the objectives of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Firstly, the budget with its EUR 93 million in payment appropriations represents a 5% increase, whereas national budgets are subject to greater austerity.
The simple expedient of imposing a minimum landing size has been demonstrated in ICCAT to be totally ineffective.
The theory of just returns, which Commissioner van den Broek has indicated is not the Commission's approach, can only be stimulated by staying within the existing structures.
I should like to ask the President of Parliament to send a goodwill message to the Speaker of that Assembly in view of the difficult role and task she has ahead of her.
In the past, on more than one occasion, individual enterprises have failed to acquire shareholdings in other countries or to take over whole companies in them, simply for lack of an unambiguous legal framework that would have laid down uniform assessment criteria and hence a uniform procedure for the supervisory authorities.
I have no doubt that the programme will be adopted tomorrow.
Where is the Europe of human rights when we need it?
If we turn our attention to competition within ports, as is formulated here, we would particularly like to see the pilotage scrapped for safety and environmental reasons.
We now need to take advantage of this pragmatic, logical approach by women.
I think that would be nonsensical.
I voted in favour of concluding this EU-Egypt agreement whose goal is establishing a mechanism for settling disputes under the trade provisions of the Euro-Mediterranean agreements.
   Mr President, I have taken our Vice-President, Mr Dimitrakopoulos' chair, just to remind ourselves that democracy in the Mediterranean did not begin with this debate.
This network will start to operate at the beginning of December in close cooperation with the European Central Bank' s Cash Changeover Committee.
These preventive measures were funded in particular by a European regulation dedicated to protecting forests against fire, Regulation 2158/92/EEC, which unfortunately expired at the end of 2002.
Anyone who does not love animals does not love people either.
Let me go straight to one particular point of concern for the agriculture budget, namely, the clearance of accounts line.
I also believe that there should be more concrete measures for dealing with the possession of weapons and acquisition and, in any event, that is an issue that I would like us to discuss.
This report does not establish or seek to establish what the European Parliament's view on this case is.
The traditional factories and conveyor belts and the safety measures that went with them are all in decline.
It is not only a matter of good coordination or consulting the Member States.
We have to look at the root causes of why the waste is there in the first place.
In some districts the spirit is opposed to municipal elections.
(FR) Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, you will have to take the bull of doubt regarding Lisbon by the horns; France already has a great deal of experience in the art of sometimes moving European integration forwards and sometimes moving it backwards.
Meanwhile, and this was a point that we proposed, the experience of Macau and Hong Kong, which the EU has followed closely, proves that it is possible to establish a better system than the one in place in mainland China.
Mr President, this report on switching to the euro cannot be viewed in isolation.
The security of food supply is at the heart of the joint discussions, according to the information from the committee in charge of negotiations.
We cannot do a bit of both.
The sea conceals many dangers.
And, to that end, I am not clear as to the extent to which we have progressed on developing heavy lift capacity to be able to get these 60 000 troops into operation, or what progress we have made on autonomous intelligence capacity, particularly given the American statements that they are not giving intelligence to Europeans until they can deal with security.
in writing. - (PT) The European Parliament today approved the Scheele report on genetically modified food and feed.
Parliament’s going religiously through the motions is not, in my view, evidence of good democratic health.
It would, without doubt, facilitate the management of funds and ensure better parliamentary control.
Some of the ideological elements relating to Croatia and Macedonia in the progress reports are also doing us harm.
This directive is unfortunately an example of inconsistent EU strategy.
This does not however alter our general view of the report.
Thus, while Mr Clarke is talking about harmonisation, his proposal leaves the exemptions in Article 15(1) of the previous directive untouched.
Recently I went to the European Youth Opera in Baden Baden to see that launched and it is a great success.
For that to be the case, however, a great deal will have to change.
The reason is that the Convention worked undemocratically.
Sympathy for those whose livelihood suffered as a result of the Prestige disaster was expressed by residents of the Shetland islands of Scotland who suffered a similar fate in 1993, when the Braer sank off the Shetland coast.
I should like to address a few words to the rapporteur, my friend and colleague, Cristiana Muscardini.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
On balance, whilst progress was made, we would have preferred to have made much more progress.
The constitution's financial chapter should describe the whole of the Budget process in simple words and with unambiguous rules.
Finally, next year will see the start of the negotiations for the definition of the next Financial Perspective, which will be decisive in orienting European Union policy in the coming years.
In particular, climate change has caused the worrying rise in sea level, forced migrations, and the fight for access to waterways and more fertile land, as in Sudan, pitting nomadic herdsmen against settled farmers.
There needs to be an acknowledgement that this kind of thing can happen.
As an improvement, it is proposed that refugees and beneficiaries of subsidiary protection enjoy the same rights with regard to the granting and the length of the residence permit, access to employment, possibilities of vocational training and access to integration facilities.
In other words, despite the ban, these feeds are still in circulation because you authorize their use for poultry and for pigs, so that the temptation naturally arises to use them for cattle.
Even then it was assumed that the composition of the virus was partly influenced by a bird disease.
‘Calls for a solution to the problem of the so-called caveats which impede a proper cooperation among the different national contingents in the country.’
It could be laid down in the law, in the interest of the environment, that dashboards for cars should be made of such and such products.
European companies still experience problems in accessing the Japanese market.
Constitutional regions, in particular, wish to receive respect instead of supercilious treatment from the Member States that have the final say in every instance.
But it has made considerable progress.
If renewable fuels are to be given scope to develop, we need a larger market where they can also be marketed and developed on a commercial basis.
I have always tried to do so, and I am now trying to do so again.
My congratulations to our rapporteur, to the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, and the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities for their amendments.
This is a concept which I have never heard mentioned in international law and I would like to know what it consists of, especially in view of the fact that until not long ago the European Union had been holding talks with the Cuban Government in order to reach an agreement on trade and cooperation since, as I should like to remind you, Cuba is the only country with which we do not have such an agreement.
A general election is to take place in Spain on Sunday.
It will adopt an interim report later today, and I will inform the Committee on Budgets of the European Parliament about this report next week.
Energy and climate change are priorities of the European Union.
23.
The Commission also retained EUR 9 million out of a total of EUR 18 million - half of the total - until a higher absorption was reached.
And not only have we reinforced the representative institutions, but also the participatory ones.
The one strategy is about strengthening Europe' s industries of the future by promoting cutting-edge technologies and boosting the power of research-based innovation in European industry.
The truth about today's attack on Hungary is that it is nothing other than revenge for the putting into practice of successful conservatism.
This is the entire thrust of the road map that we will propose, and which we will be discussing at this European Council.
I call on the Commission finally to get down to work in order to ensure a high employment rate and upwards social harmonisation, instead of engaging in the systematic and shameless dismantling of our fellow citizens’ social benefits, coupled with unrestrained social dumping.
The new agricultural policy is more favourable to trade, as the developing countries wanted.
It is for a quite simple reason, and that is the experience I have had with the mismanagement of holdings in the former GDR.
In addition, it would increase the reliability of electronic payments and provide a stimulus to these.
Against this backdrop, we feel that the European Commission cannot turn its back on what is happening in Portugal, on the appalling hypocrisy and violence against women, which clearly encourages back-street abortions and pushes women on the lowest incomes and those with the poorest access to information into the most dangerous activities for sexual and reproductive health.
I therefore consider constant use of water and protection of water resources to be indispensable.
(FI) Mr President, I believe that all of us in the European Union and the European Parliament want peace for that region - peace and a cease-fire.
And I agree with Mrs Boogerd-Quaak that the carbon tax might go a very long way towards developing this sector.
This was necessary for the sake of the health and safety of our children.
In this procedure, the Council must demonstrate flexibility.
Yet - and this is something I learnt at primary school - the Sun is the source of all energy and I believe that we must focus on the Sun in future.
All these things need to be kept in a reasonable balance, and I do not doubt that the European Court of Justice is aware of its responsibilities in this respect.
One-minute speeches on matters of political importance
The Presidency’s declaration of 2 February is very clear: the European Union views the King's move as a serious setback for the prospect of a negotiated and democratically-based solution to the current conflict.
A state in which numerous officials have been involved in scandals, in some cases for misappropriation of funds.
We now know that this is a very sensitive issue in the United Kingdom.
However, this will be extremely difficult in the coming years.
Firstly, the purpose of temporary work agencies, as an instrument for flexibility in the labour market, which reconcile the aspirations of workers with the needs of companies.
Mr President, we had an agreement with the rapporteur. His intention was to submit an oral amendment, whereupon we would withdraw our own amendment.
First of all, I feel that it is vital to improve complementarity, coherence and the cost-benefit ratio, for these are necessary to bridge the gap between the various stages of international assistance, the famous grey zone, and, more generally, for the effectiveness of the Union' s development and cooperation policy overall.
The latest science tells us we need to be reducing emissions by around 9% year on year.
Furthermore, like the other applicant countries, Slovakia needs to continue to make huge efforts to reform its economy if it is to succeed in making the difficult transition from a state-run economy to a market economy; we Europeans have a responsibility to help our Slovak friends overcome these difficulties.
The issue of data storage splendidly illustrates the way in which the pillar system has come to the end of the road.
We should take a further look at three aspects for an overall approach to sports policy in the European Union.
In accordance with Communist custom, these brigades were entirely controlled by Communist party cells and their secret services, as was the whole republican regime.
Iran, the Middle East, climate change, terrorism and many other issues: Russia is an essential part of all of this.
All of these amendments are admissible and I have had discussions again with the Swedish Presidency to make certain that they are in line.
Unfortunately, such circumstances apply in this instance.
We would also ask the Commission to present proposals in the near future on asylum and immigration policy that clearly distinguish between asylum seekers, those requesting international protection and migrant workers.
Fifthly, we need to speed-up the creation of new businesses, since the greatest potential is to be found in small and medium-sized enterprises and because many young people want to become instructors and to adopt the American system of business angels.
This should not be made compulsory where there is an existing protection scheme; for example the UK's Pension Protection Fund, set up by the previous Labour Government, already provides a high level of protection to pension scheme members and beneficiaries.
We still do not have any right of codetermination in agriculture, which is why our only option is to refer this report back to committee and I urge the House to vote in favour of my motion.
Mr President, the report by Mrs Ghilardotti whom I highly commend is an in-depth, comprehensive examination of all the problems related to the promotion of the role of organizations and foundations.
(RO) I am a firm advocate of Turkey's accession to the European Union.
This programme is presented to the other institutions - including, of course, Parliament, which debates it every year - and is accessible to the public.
(IT) Translation and interpreting of our work as representatives of the peoples of Europe play a vital part in ensuring its legitimacy and transparency and bringing our Parliament ever closer to European citizens.
13.
This has been discussed for many years at European level, so it is not a new issue.
By relying firstly on the draft regulation on the identity of the operator, which includes assessment criteria for companies that will enable us to get started on the blacklist, and also on the SAFA directive, transposed in all the Member States, with regard to the aircraft of third countries, this will give us an instrument that, I hope, will mark a very important step in aviation safety.
They need help not only in order to survive, but also in order to bring about change.
Regional cooperation and the European agenda are linked.
Smaller businesses, whether at the start-up or whether trying to expand, have enough cost and difficulty trying to give belt-and-braces guarantees to banks without there being an added tier of financial expectation.
Our democratic duties oblige us to do this, as do our obligations within the partnership.
There is the problem of competition from Korea, and from countries which not only give public subsidies, but which reduce standards of employment, and which do not respect the rights of workers.
I may add that the Commission is convinced that, since a study is not necessary, the mere fact of announcing it would send a distorted and inappropriate signal to the industry concerned, which could further delay the adjustments required for that industry to adapt to the decision adopted so many years ago and due to take effect on 30 June 1999.
I should like to start by saying that, behind intelligent transport systems, there are all the same European funds, and that I was somewhat amazed to discover how they were practically all channelled towards cars.
There is, therefore, an urgent need to establish procedures to combat illegal trade in timber by analysing and overseeing the trading patterns more effectively.
If you have some other statistics, then maybe things are different.
And if the European Central Bank remains opposed to this, I wonder, Commissioner, if you would not be able to take action in order to make this possible, by amending the Regulation of 3 May 1998.
We must also ensure that the food that is imported into the European Union meets the standards within the European Union.
I am now going to answer five questions, which are grouped together and cover the same theme.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I truly regret your reply.
The Agency will also supervise the internal markets in electricity and natural gas, thus contributing to all the efforts made to enhance energy security.
We should not forget that responsibility for service will still be the obligation of the state.
They must shoulder their individual and collective responsibility to win these referendum campaigns by showing the voters why these reforms are for them and why this is truly the Constitution for Europe.
Mr President, Madam President-in-Office of the Council, Madam Vice-President of the European Commission, the experience acquired over recent years from dealing with natural and man-made disasters has revealed that there are shortcomings in the capacity for national intervention and, consequently, increased expectations of Community assistance, assistance which will need to have the attributes of effective intervention in the field of prevention and rapid response.
The very fact that they are engaged in a joint process of addressing global imbalance and agreeing, for example, on financial regulation, should be recognised for what it is: enormous progress that would simply have not been possible some years ago, and the Seoul Summit was an important further step in that process and the launching of a new agenda, not a one-off spectacular event.
Mr President, the Commission has tabled a proposal concerning certain changes to tobacco growing.
The committee is pleased, however, that in the European Year of People with Disabilities there appears to be progress on the cross-border export of certain disability benefits.
Have salt in yourselves, and be at peace with one another.
Worst of all, we are behaving like a rabbit fascinated by the boa constrictor or snake about to bite it and we are obeying this imperial policy; my last hope is that France will resist this general tendency of the world to grovel.
The debt relief for the Republic of Iraq, and I would call it substantial debt relief, which was decided on by the Paris Club in November, is without doubt indispensable if the country’s economy is to be rebuilt, and also if a sovereign Iraq with democratic and legitimate institutions is to be reborn.
We must respect our health and the health of others.
I agree that the principles need to be redefined, but I believe that we should devise instead a transversal, horizontal strategy which will tackle this minority's problems in an integrated, but not exclusive manner.
A subsequent return of liberalism will come as no surprise.
That would indeed be the case, and I am very happy to hear the opinion being clearly expressed that Parliament would support this legislative proposal in the form proposed.
This must be emphatically underscored for, via the Commission, others too can share in the success of ARGO.
We will, however, endeavour to take the amendments suggested by Parliament into consideration as much as possible during deliberations in the Council.
It therefore makes sense to introduce this concern over employment into European policies.
There is a third point of order, and I hope it will be the last.
In a couple of days, in Madrid, you will attend the second EU-Latin America and Caribbean Summit of Heads of State, which aims to renew and boost relations between these two regions.
I hope that the directive will provide not only fair competition at airports, but also result in increased passenger safety, and protect passengers from excessive take-off or landing fees.
We all know that coal can very easily be replaced by gas or other energy sources, but it is not so easy to cut CO2 emissions for lime, cement and steel.
A joint text setting out the financial framework is vital to enable finance ministers to allow their opposite numbers in the agriculture ministries to implement the long-debated reform of the common agricultural policy, but there was no consensus.
In November 2004, in his address to the European Council, President Josep Borrell – you yourself, Mr President – signalled that the European Parliament was willing to be flexible in this matter in order to secure an early agreement.
That is one of the great contributions of European civilisation to man's heritage.
As regards the Commission's internal structure, the number of directorates-general has been increased in order to give employment to a growing number of Commissioners. If we continue in this direction, as the number of Commissioners is to increase from 20 to 30, we will again be creating the same number of directorates-general.
The work programme of the Netherlands Presidency appears to ignore this.
This is the approach that we should follow, but having said that, unless there is a guarantee that GMO and non-GMO crops can coexist with one another, the best regulations in the world will be useless if GMOs are present everywhere in nature.
Firstly, we should not recognise the results of either the elections or the referendum.
Thirdly, is it not obvious that the assumption of these new competences by the Union, to be exercised in accordance with the rules of comitology, requires the inclusion of a ground of competence which does not exist in the current Treaty, and even the definition of a common defence policy, which is still so far from being reached?
Ultimately, it is important to me to emphasise that biometric data may under no circumstances be used for dishonest purposes.
The Joint EU-Africa Strategy and the Action Plan will be decided on there.
What sanctions will the Commission then impose for non-implementation of EU environment law?
That is the conclusion that we in the Committee on Petitions have drawn, during the many visits by Mr Diamandouros to present his annual reports, like the one we are today examining in this House, or other reports within his remit.
We have heard much about ex-presidents, the Pope, academics; they all have one thing in common, they are totally powerless.
There have until now been more contradictions than anything else in the Council.
Money must also then be allocated to these lines, because - as I have told this House three times already - if a disaster strikes in the middle of August and emergency aid takes until just before Christmas to arrive, then that is not emergency aid at all!
I want to congratulate Mrs Ries: she has not minced her words.
Each amendment was the result of talks and meetings in sometimes distant parts of Europe.
Subject: Immigration in the wake of the EU-Africa summit
· Selective support for a small group of what are - by Greek standards - medium-sized and large enterprises, with a view to consolidating their satellite role around the monopolies and strengthening the processes used to concentrate capital and production.
Therefore, I would like to express my esteem for the UN initiative.
Does your statement reflect thoughts and ideas that really are discussed behind the Commission’s closed doors?
Without wishing to pre-empt him, I would like to say that we are all very pleased with his personal commitment to the matter.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Mitchell, this House, the Council and the Commission have spent much time wrangling over the future development finance instrument, and have actually ended up finding a largely sustainable compromise.
However, the reason I asked leave to speak was to thank, on behalf of my group, two men in this Chamber who have campaigned tirelessly for the rights of the Palestinians in that same spirit.
- (FR) The European Parliament has today expressed its opinion of the proposed directive on the technical roadside inspection of the roadworthiness of commercial vehicles.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, fishing with drift nets is now turning into a real test for the credibility of Community institutions as a whole.
I am very pleased that there seems to be a concern right across the different political groups of this House.
Nevertheless, the study of the different countries, particularly from the point of view of economic criteria, led the Commission to make proposals which have given the impression that it was setting itself up in judgement by distinguishing two categories of countries amongst the applicants.
There is, however, a massive market for processed eggs for the confectionery sector and we need to know what sort of labelling requirements there will be for that product.
The first core issue to which you referred was the issue of the new Constitutional Treaty and the Convention.
Prime Minister, in two weeks' time, your presidency of the European Union will come to an end.
If this Treaty becomes reality, the European Parliament will have equal powers of codecision in 90-95% of cases.
Thank you, and welcome to the House!
That is the real, genuine threat in Europe, and I have not even mentioned the CIS states yet.
I therefore voted in favour of this report.
It is obvious from the hearings - indeed without them it is obvious - that there are major areas of overlap and therefore potential conflict in operational responsibilities within the college.
Sadly enough, I believe that the answer to that question has to be no, notwithstanding the respect it is possible to feel for the competence of some Commissioners-designate as individuals.
Madam President, such failure of financial markets has never happened until now.
It is therefore right that we should allow medical tests to be carried out on those who cannot give their consent only in certain clearly defined and exceptional cases, as specified quite clearly in paragraph 12.1.
Annex 6, part C of this Regulation includes a derogation for raw materials for the production of conventional gelatine, as non-organically produced agricultural products may, up to a certain percentage, be included in the manufacture of organic products.
I am delighted that the additional priorities Parliament wanted to introduce for the guidelines have indeed been largely reflected in the document on which the Council decided in August.
   Mr President, the plain and uncomfortable truth is that the old Member States were more than happy to open up markets where they held the competitive advantage, namely concerning the free flow of capital.
Mercury sulphide is almost completely insoluble, which means that it can be stored safely.
At European Union level, we deal with 5% - I repeat, 5% - of European Union public money which is devoted to research.
In particular, I feel that it is premature to ask the Commission to produce a proposal on the future of the Objective 2 regions and the future of Community initiatives even before the third report on economic and social cohesion is published, not least in that the time frames necessary for an in-depth analysis to be carried out by December 2003 - Commissioner Barnier's deadline for presenting the report - have not been established and we have not been provided with the necessary information.
Part I
We will miss him a great deal.
The Pastrana government - and we congratulate them on this - are using the strength inherent in a new government to open negotiations with the strongest of the warring factions, with all the difficulties this involves.
No!
Forgive me, this was not very polite of me.
The vote will take place on Thursday 23 June 2011.
They anticipate the future and forecast the evolution of society, because they see more quickly and further than politicians.
On the negative side: the return of the refugees is still faltering.
The European Parliament must not meddle in German domestic politics but we must have a European Parliament resolution because if we do not Parliament will have achieved nothing and the matter is far too serious to allow that to happen.
The idea is to ‘regulate’ access to medicines for so-called underdeveloped countries, in such a way that the multinationals can charge less, thus enabling them to increase their markets without losing the privileged status that they enjoy.
The decision on the starting date for the mission is expected to be adopted at the session of the EU General Affairs and External Relations Council at the end of this month, 28 January 2008.
I commend the Commission for the strong stand it has taken in refusing to allow individual bilaterals between Member States within the EU and the United States.
Pollution from the ever increasing number of fish-farming units also places severe strain on the marine environment and the functioning of ecosystems.
Given the length of time since this communication was produced perhaps now would be a good time for the Commission to update it.
A delegation made up of a number of European parliamentarians, including myself, from different political groups - although not an official parliamentary delegation, it arose out of the resolution unanimously approved last Thursday in Strasbourg concerning Mrs Karla Tucker who had been condemned to death and was in prison in Texas - was denied access to death row in Gatesville prison in Austin by the governor and prison authorities in Texas.
   Mr President, there is almost no hope left that the presidential elections in Belarus next Sunday will be free and fair.
European Food Authority
The Commissioner mentioned the figures, as did other members of this Parliament, and they appear in the final declaration of the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) World Summit on Food Security: over a billion people around the world are suffering from hunger and 40 million die every year as a result of poverty.
The report justifiably took up the particular problem of VAT fraud in the Community and the significant losses accruing to the Member States.
We should categorically condemn such obvious breaches of the human rights and fundamental freedoms that form the basis of our democratic societies.
Part I
On the same subject, may I ask you to provide for closer monitoring.
Today it is Georgia, tomorrow it could be Ukraine.
In places where molluscs are most abundant - and I am thinking of the Ferrol and Arosa estuaries - the size of carpetshells does not exceed 36 or 38 millimetres.
You must not, therefore, see this decision as indicative of a lack of a foreign policy, or that we caved under pressure, but of the Union' s assessment of the risk, considering the proposed amendments, of finding ourselves, for the sake of the legitimate campaign we share, some way behind the positions we have gained earlier.
Furthermore, while approving the new multiannual financial framework, it is necessary to consider the plans drafted and to ensure they have the required financing.
It is a pity that the final version of the report suffers from shades of the colonial era on a number of issues.
That would be a humanitarian gesture that Israel could make at a crucial time.
Mr President, Mr Apolinário, thank you for your words of encouragement.
If you look, though, at the unemployment figures not only in Germany, but also in my own country of Austria, it would appear that these efforts have already proved fruitless, for the point has to be made that, at the same time as jobs have migrated from them to low-wage countries, illegal immigration has created a new underclass at home.
In my own country's case, it is up to the British Government to do something about it, and it is up to each national government, because the situation, the economic conditions and the social conditions apply differently throughout the European Union.
In any case, Mr Guerrero, if we have not been misinformed, this oral amendment affects paragraph 34 and not paragraph 31.
With regard to the Lisbon agenda, I should like to quote Pascal, who said that he liked things that go hand in hand.
Order of business
Had that happened, we should not be in this situation today.
The report here says that editors and journalists complain about undue political pressure.
In fact, risk assessments have actually been carried out.
All of this in addition to the report by the van Miert group, which draws up the networks within the context of twenty-seven countries: the pan-European network.
I should like to thank the rapporteur for his own amendments and for those accepted by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
I did not think it possible in such a short space of time, and I think that we can all be proud of the way you managed to achieve this.
Impartiality, efficiency and transparency are the most important things here, and in-court proceedings must not be ruled out entirely.
Look at another example of EU legislation championed by the Liberal Democrats.
In addition, I always emphasise that we should talk more about prevention, and invest in it above all else.
Take, for instance, their socalled Chinese diplomats. They have free access to this Parliament yet we Parliamentarians are accorded absolutely no respect in return.
The EU must impose high standards on these international operators, and this report takes us some of the way there.
We profoundly regret that negotiations relating to the linguistic regime have resulted in a stalemate, with no prospect of reaching the necessary consensus in the foreseeable future.
If we create a new instrument after all, why do we not set aside some new money at the same time?
We have now learnt that it has since been decided that this decision will be taken on the basis of hard figures.
The proposal will also remove the current obligation on Member States to transmit lists of fishing licenses or fishing permits to the Commission, which will instead be made accessible by electronic means to the national control services, to those of other Member States, and to the Commission.
Will there be a substantial difference from officials’ salaries, or is an effort being made to strike a balance?
If this leads us to talk in terms of altering the Stability and Growth Pact, this must not be done because of the present complex economic situation, for that would be political opportunism; instead, discussion must be a consequence of the construct being fundamentally dysfunctional.
That is what we mean by a social Europe - this active labour market policy that we need in the individual Member States, which the European Union and the Council in particular must give out a clear message about.
Here, the economy does not yet seem to be in a position to propose a sensible model.
It is therefore highly desirable that from now on they should be involved in the work we ourselves can do within the European Union.
And yet the problem persists.
Regarding the keeping of animals, the European Union has different legislation from other parts of the world, and our policy makes animals more vulnerable to disease.
The EU was enlarged to include Romania and Bulgaria, the Schengen area was enlarged to include nine new countries, the euro zone was enlarged to include three new states and the euro has gradually started to replace the dollar as the international currency around the world.
But the number of innovations successfully introduced on to the market is pitifully small.
It provides the only real means of addressing the varied threats of today: terrorism, weapons of mass destruction, poverty, hunger and disease; together with new, or rather growing, challenges such as migration – to which the Secretary-General has made particular reference today.
Tomorrow's vote, however, is only the beginning.
Over the past few months, since the beginning of October in fact, I have spent more than two weeks in that country.
European Year of Volunteering (2011) (
The Stockholm Summit should also emphasise the significance of new technology by developing the action plan for e-Europe and removing obstacles to the growth of biotechnology and its significance for innovation and growth.
There must be an identical system for the two sexes, while recognizing the greater natural longevity of the female sex.
The creation of a European tax would be one more step towards the creation of a European super-state, which is something our people do not want.
We want journalists to be able to move around freely so that the situation as it really is can indeed be reported.
What is to prevent national parliamentarians appearing more regularly in the European Parliament and European parliamentarians more regularly in the national parliaments?
At the last sitting, we discussed the US-EU Summit.
This is a fundamental issue, and it does not only concern environmental policy.
That falls within the jurisdiction of national governments, as do ethical issues involving embryos.
Furthermore, I agree with Mr Olsson that we ought really to be far more innovative in agriculture policy.
Furthermore, we are by no means convinced that GMOs can contribute to agricultural productivity and development; we are barely even convinced that they can help reduce certain pesticides, as is already being stated in American studies on a large number of areas cultivated with GMOs.
There must be improved access to land and credit for women to encourage the establishment of women in rural areas and as actors in the agricultural sector.
Mr President, in March 2007, an environmental organisation asked for correspondence between the European Commission and the automobile industry to be disclosed during the course of consultations on the preparation of a legislative proposal on carbon dioxide emissions.
I hope it follows the lead given by foreign ministers, which makes the discussion on these occasions rather less formal and hidebound.
It is word for word what we agreed earlier on for electricity.
It is because her husband has died.
Time and time again we hear people telling us that military action is the answer, that it will be a quick military action and that once it is over everything will be sorted out.
They are saying, more Mercosur, more integration and more and better democracy.
From that point of view, therefore, there is indeed a will to combat all forms of discrimination against citizens from minority groups.
It is noted that this service will involve more than 5 000 people in the EU embassies in various countries around the world.
Are you that leader, Mr Barroso?
Neither are my thanks diminished by the fact that the rapporteur has called 32 Members, of which I am one, a group of narrow-minded individuals.
What can be done?
On this issue, the ALDE Group is in full agreement with the Commission and has always opposed the proliferation of national labels.
When I spoke to the Greek Cypriot Foreign Minister, Mr Kasoulides, last week, I said to him that now was the time to build bridges to Turkish Cypriots, to find ways of reducing the economic isolation of northern Cyprus and to use language that might encourage support for Turkish people for genuine bi-communal and bi-zonal Cyprus as called for in the United Nations resolutions.
This is not, in my view, compatible with its institutional role of control and supervision.
We therefore worked very hard on a Commission communication on reinvigorating the Barcelona Process, which in turn provided the main input for the Euro-Mediterranean Foreign Ministers' meeting in Marseilles last November where our ideas were overwhelmingly endorsed.
Those are a few of the measures with which we can fight racism and xenophobia effectively.
The Austrian compromise largely satisfies these demands.
To date, only Luxembourg and Switzerland have been able to do anything like meet its convergence criteria.
We need to distinguish between information and advertising.
The only area where I, and the Committee on the Environment, whose opinion I presented, differ from our friends and colleagues in the Committee on Legal Affairs, is on the issue of whether we have gone the right way in terms of consumer protection.
We often talk about the dignity of Parliament, but that also involves us being given an answer to this question by the secretariat.
Considering that obtaining a visa for the EU still poses a great problem for the citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina, I call upon the Commission to continue with the dialogue and to do its utmost to implement the road maps with the objective of establishing a visa-free regime with Bosnia and Herzegovina as soon as possible.
This will allay the anxiety of many farmers.
I voted in favour of the first part of paragraph 71 of the Jeggle report, for the following reasons.
I am really sorry that the forces that, even if they are not willing or able to prevent this court completely, want to downgrade it to some sort of rubberstamp are gaining ground in the USA and China and Russia and other countries.
They are the result of a new aspiration for men and women throughout the world, to go to work in other countries, to benefit from other experiences.
How will EMU function?
You have spoken of an enduring development, you have spoken of peace and of stability.
Mr Brok's report confirms the sense of the European Union's enlargement strategy.
I should like, at the same time, to say that Europe suffers from too little credibility.
This has nothing to do with the legitimate defence of the security of Israel.
Had we been even only half as courageous, determined, and willing to implement our own decisions as the United States of America, we would have achieved more in the Balkans.
The military was above the law.
In any event, Mr Elchlepp was given the floor as an exception as author of the question, but we are not going to open the debate again.
But I disagree with him and others on the proper scope of the anti-terrorist laws.
Certainly, you can convey this element; you can also be very positive and say that it is progress.
I believe we would do better to put Pakistan on our next agenda as a proper debate with the Council and the Commission, because that, in my view, is what we need most.
This would be a true starting point for institutions that safeguard, not control, citizens' lives.
The parties also represent the transnational dimension of the EU's process of political integration.
We need to set a growth target of at least 3%.
My last point is this: I think we need to think very seriously, as we are invited to do by the Committee on Women's Rights, about pornography in itself, and not just as it involves children, because we seem to be witnessing a dehumanization of sexuality in our European countries.
What are you doing, in conjunction with London and Paris, to ensure that this proposal can become a reality straight away?
And what has been done lays the foundations for a breakthrough on all that remains to be done in this sector at the Intergovernmental Conference, having the courage to regard certain issues as Community issues: immigration and the right of asylum, and above all a legal basis to cover fraud.
Unfortunately, there are no clear signs of solutions to the conflicts concerning, for example, Nagorno-Karabakh, South Ossetia or Abkhazia.
Thirdly, the EU structural policies will very soon represent the first EU budget.
The Daphne programme today takes as its legal base Article 152 of the EC Treaty on health protection.
I would like to say that - on behalf of the shadows of the other groups as well - I think the European Parliament is a serious partner, fully available to give input in this process.
At least 8 people were killed in the Kandhamal area.
Also, a political declaration will add to these precautions, specifying that the decision does not cover people who are acting to preserve or restore democratic values, or people who are exercising the right to express their opinions, even if, while exercising that right, they commit offences.
Let us remember that we must provide an institutional framework enabling these peoples to feel secure and allowing them not only to maintain their own structures but also to step up their relations with Europe, so as to have their own prospects for the future.
in writing. - (PL) Mr President, higher education has become more widely accessible and growing numbers of women are gaining university degrees.
There are signs that things are starting to fall apart because of a wide variety of counteracting trends.
As a true politician, she also wants to give some guidance.
This reform is also critical if we want to live up to the challenges of globalisation and reinforce the role of customs in protecting our citizens and companies from security and safety hazards such as counterfeiting, dangerous goods or the devices of international terrorism.
I would like clarification as to which coherent and transparent financial instrument will be used for the return policy in question and readmission agreements in particular.
The tragic events in the United States have increased uncertainty and the negative risks for anticipated general growth.
These provisions should also be viewed in the light of the Treaty as a whole, which leaves the Member States the most important role, both under Article D, which entrusts the European Council with responsibility for providing the Union with the necessary impetus and defining the general political guidelines thereof, and Article 145, which gives the Council the power to take decisions, coordinate economic policies, and confer implementing powers on the Commission.
The Commission can inform the honorable Member that the disagreement in question concerned the scope of the obligation to inform the Commission under Article 5 of Directive 93/84/EEC.
Mr Hoelgaard, from Denmark, has been promoted to director of vegetable products so, after poisoning the animals, he is now in charge of the vegetables. Mr Meldrum has been pensioned off, that is the only punishment, and nothing at all has happened to Mr Marchant.
Finally, allow me, as an Austrian, to take this opportunity to comment on another subject that has been in the news again in recent days.
It has been a very long time and this is one of the most difficult reports I have seen in twelve years in Parliament.
There is nothing there can be done about this in itself, but I seriously think that Finland too, and perhaps especially, given her status as a relatively unknown new Member State, should have had her own individual City of Culture celebration.
The good news is that Morocco has recently become the first Islamic country to sign this particular piece of international legislation, for which I would like to congratulate that country.
Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I too should like to start with a brief word of thanks to the shadow rapporteurs for this topic, Mr Krahmer, Mrs Weisgerber and Mr Wijkman, along with all other shadow rapporteurs who have contributed to this positive outcome.
We do recognise in the Commission that asynchronous approvals of GMOs can represent a problem for the availability and cost of feed imports.
In this area too - in view of our imminent enlargement to include Eastern Europe - we should not be saying that companies must not relocate; we should be saying that we must try to retain control of innovation, and that means that the research funds can certainly have a part to play and that the European Commission can also be a source of encouragement.
In other words, that States have learned the lesson and that they are willing to give incontrovertible proof that they are improving cooperation in the fight against terrorism.
The Pakistani Government may have differences with the insurance company. However, under no circumstances can the seamen, especially those who arrived well after the event in order to help clean up the environment, be held as hostages as a negotiating element between the Pakistani authorities and the insurance company.
And those freedoms - national freedoms - will triumph in the end, despite all your feeble machinations.
The statistics also show a tragic health situation.
To answer Mrs Koppa as well, whose speech was very sophisticated, sanctions remain a political instrument.
The first is addressed to Mr Gauzès.
I would like to have three minutes, which is a fraction of the length of time this subject has been discussed, just to explain my point of view.
The codecision procedure will spread to almost all European policies, and the role of Parliament in democratic supervision, the creation of international agreements and the appointment of the top European representatives will be strengthened.
And we do not even know whether the energy balance is positive.
The 1993 Directive does, however, establish a 48-hour maximum working week, thereby according basic protection for most workers, the main exception being managers.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, after what has been said by the Council and the Commission, which has put this crisis in its historical and political context, if I can put it that way, it is now my duty to tell you a few things that may be new to you, information which I brought back with me early this morning.
We have enlarged the EU; we now have to ensure that the EU of the future, with more than 25 Member States, can also function effectively.
Individual attempts from both sides to regulate the arms trade will have more chance of success if they are attuned.
Our task, however, that of the Council, Parliament and the Commission, is to ensure that the world’s four – or preferably 25 – best are European: that is our common responsibility.
Ageing is not a territorial problem.
The entire international community, including the European Union, is obliged to give humanitarian aid to the victims of this disaster, who are completely bereft of basic necessities.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (CS) Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank all MEPs for their comments, suggestions and observations.
Ethiopia plays an important role in the African Union and an important role in development.
I would like to respond to some of the problems which have been raised.
The motion, of course, is only directed against the Commission, and that indeed, collectively.
All too frequently, these patents are used improperly by (invariably American) computer giants with large in-house legal departments to take 'offenders' to court.
I would like to conclude by thanking you for Parliament's support for the Commission work on this important dossier.
Like the rapporteur, the Liberal Democrats want to ensure that rapid progress is made, that we see the maximum benefits in the shortest possible period.
It is also difficult to work out how the EU is to become more responsive if the responsibilities of the newly created posts are only outlined in the treaty.
And finally, what is the Council proposing to do in terms of the enlargement negotiations with Romania, where I believe this is also a problem?
So, Commissioner, I ask you to be attentive to the phenomenon of dowry in the financial sector.
We need to find common problem-solving strategies in the form of regional conventions, set and update criteria and data on mountain areas and fund practical, mountain-related projects under the sixth framework programme, extend the basic infrastructure needed and provide training and further training so that the population keeps abreast of events and strengthen transport networks in mountain regions, taking account of the principle of sustainability, in order to safeguard these regions as habitats and economic areas and nature areas.
To resolve this, the 1993 constitution gave the President considerable powers and left the Duma with the power to block all decisions and all reforms.
Lastly, in terms of boosting European competitiveness, we want to strengthen our external strategy in a spirit of reciprocity and mutual benefit.
Inevitably, it makes many of us feel uncomfortable when we find our own countries being referred to as not having ratified many of the human rights conventions.
It is now largely accepted that the Member States cannot meet these challenges alone.
This communication is at present being scrutinized by Parliament, I hope.
It is called a 'transfer from the first pillar to the second pillar'.
So it will read as follows: after mentioning Zmitser Dashkevich, I would like to add 'and Yauhen Afnahel on 6 December 2009'.
We must not put at risk what has already been achieved.
Not only should hand-rolling tobacco continue to enjoy a tax advantage because that is good for jobs in the small business sector, but shag is supposedly the poor man's cigarette, since the poor man cannot afford real cigarettes.
The European Commission has been very good in the support it has given through intervention.
Its significance was due to the increased difficulty of rigging the results.
Because of the negative attitude of the Council there is now in front of you an alternative solution for the year 1997: to strengthen the financing of the revision priorities using all the margins in Categories 3, 4 and 5.
I am also certain that we shall not stand indifferent to such high-handedness which drags us decades back to the times of a dark totalitarian society that should have been bygone forever.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the affection felt for Europe by many European citizens is, unfortunately, beginning to wane.
In my opinion, we should also adapt the economic policy to the social policy.
In litigation before the European Court of Justice not only do the proceedings take place between the immediate parties - in this instance, the Commission and France - but also Member States are perfectly entitled to intervene in those proceedings: the UK or indeed any other Member State.
It also calls for more support for diversification in developing countries, and highlights the importance of policy space for these countries to enable the development of not least their agricultural sector.
Although it is not fair to say that the African continent has been neglected, given the volume of public development aid that Europe makes available to this continent, we can, however, talk about a strategic vacuum in the relationship between Europe and Africa.
I am assured that report is wrong.
ECHO, the European Community humanitarian office, has allocated over ECU 7.4m during 1996 to international aid agencies and NGOS in Chechnya and the Northern Caucasus.
She calls upon those MEPs who act as Parliament's representatives in the ACP-EU Joint Assembly to act responsibly.
Higher energy prices mean that energy-intensive businesses in Europe will simply give up and go away, to more favourable jurisdictions.
More generally speaking, it recommends nothing in particular for the European Union even though the G7 itself has stressed the need for measures to promote recovery and growth.
The best way to create the necessary conditions for preserving this varied and special natural area is through common endeavour.
It was on that basis that we determined to vote against all the resolutions that were put forward in this House other than our own, which determined that we should adopt and abide by the Agenda 2000 package, as per our first reading.
That is a very serious point that you are making and the Bureau will look into it.
We should be able to judge, from one year to the next, whether things have generally improved by a certain percentage.
Technology should show us the way.
Mr President, Mrs Breyer and Mrs McKenna are the worst possible advertisement for life without additives.
There are marked inequalities between the healthcare systems of the Member States, however.
Broadband is an indispensable means of communication for rural areas, especially in Austria, for new and modern jobs and for rapid information delivery.
I hope therefore that whatever other action is taken or proves to be necessary in the course of future months, no one, least of all the honourable Member, will try to give a totally distorted and exaggerated view of what the European Commission can do in the event of any extremely unfortunate, highly regrettable and totally counterproductive action that might be contemplated in some quarters at the time of the World Cup in France.
At times like this, when we are seeing fraudulently-fattened livestock and the use of unauthorised products, it becomes essential for the market to provide reasonably-priced, good quality natural feedingstuffs, such as some of those that this regulation concerns, and specifically vetches.
Since we last met here, we have learned with deep sadness of the deaths of two great Europeans, Gaston Thorn and Raymond Barre, both eminent men who dedicated themselves to the service of their countries as outstanding Prime Ministers and Members of the European Commission.
So we do not agree with Amendments Nos 31, 19 and 32.
Therefore, if possible before the year 2000 - and we cannot over-emphasise the urgency of acting in fields which could grow at rates of something like 40 % a year - I repeat that we must take essential measures:
Through the trans-Atlantic agenda we have a framework to further develop Europe's relations with the United States.
There are storms blowing across the countries we call our neighbours - Arab spring, winds of change, whatever imagery we use.
The honey processing and packing lines offer competitive advantages in terms of market access, quality and attractiveness of the products to consumers.
Now with Kosovo, Russia is bringing strong pressure to bear because of its right of veto.
There is no doubt in my mind that Eurostat should have wider powers, in particular, to make on-site inspections in Member States.
We cannot lose sight of our commitment to combating climate change.
Although I obviously cannot reply to all the questions you raised, I should nevertheless like to say something about EMS II and unemployment, two subjects which were mentioned in almost every question.
I also defend red protectionism, which tries to safeguard workers' rights and prevent malpractice, such as the use of child labour.
We cannot have it both ways.
That is why the British Conservatives welcome this report and congratulate all of those who have helped to bring forward these long-overdue measures.
Anyone witnessing what is happening in Africa at present and seeing how helpless we are to do anything about it, anyone seeing how trade disputes are increasing even between western industrialized nations and how problems are becoming more acute in many regions of Asia and in India, anyone reading the ILO report on the hundreds of millions of children forced into what in some cases amounts to slave labour - anyone seeing these things will recognize that the WTO is becoming more and more important in acting to resolve conflicts and in giving people throughout the world the feeling that there are such things as legal frameworks and systems which are worth fighting for.
As from next year, sustainable development will be a permanent item on the agenda of the European Council' s spring meetings.
Could you advise me if they had authority to film in the manner in which they did?
If we want to have a strong, well-balanced Europe, we need to focus a great deal of attention on economic development in the regions of the new Member States in order to reduce the existing disparities.
We are concerned at the extension of the concept of human rights to include, for example, domestic violence, which is properly a matter to be handled under other legal instruments.
The number of ecopoints and the other administrative aspects of the agreement were agreed in order to ensure non-discriminatory treatment of Community trucks during the validity of the ecopoints system inside the Community.
This is a strange way to behave.
Without them, we would have seen the continued brutal repression of the Shias and the Kurds.
I would ask you to note that the correct version is the English version.
The report calls for a real balance between public and private interests.
Something should be done about this, too.
I think that emphasis should be put on the building of coastguard or marine protection vessels to control and monitor the common fisheries policy.
None of us here would personally enter into a business or private financial agreement without being sure of how and when that obligation would come to an end.
The fact that we have had to wait for almost ten years after the fall of the Berlin wall in order to initiate negotiations which recognize as fully European the Poles, Hungarians, Czechs, all those who have been lumped together under the dreadful acronym CEECs and who have written the pages of European history as much as we have, and participated in the development of its civilization to the same extent as we have. This says a lot about the unsuitability of the concepts which the Commission uses in an intangible way to the new European reality.
There is no point in asking a number of workers to remain in an undertaking or in paying their wages with public money if the undertaking closes down later.
Last week, the government accepted a legislative amendment concerning the national language which, according to the government, does not affect the minorities' language use; however, the bill itself suggests otherwise.
Do you intend to take an initiative on this score and do you support the troika for Ethiopia and Eritrea where another war is threatening to break out?
Therefore, because we will have to reach a level of 20% renewable energy with the support and commitment of the Member States in nine years and will have to evaluate the situation constantly by means of progress reports, the powers of the Member States will be reduced to 80% or to even less than this.
(FR) I would advise my fellow Members from the Socialist Group in the European Parliament and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance to think carefully before opposing this, otherwise we risk voting against the amendment as a whole.
All previous talk has focused exclusively on the wrongs committed by public bodies.
At this present time there is no alternative to the strict monetary policy.
I wish to congratulate Mr Corbett and Mr Méndez de Vigo, who are both at present speaking on their mobile phones – I hope they are Nokias! – on their excellent report.
I wish to draw attention to at least two points: one is the wage gap between men and women.
Control of personal information is well placed with the national registration authorities.
When are they ever going to learn?
Assisting developing countries in setting up fair and effective tax systems is another issue to be strengthened.
Mr Schulz was the first one to speak about it, and was very frank, as was Mrs Napoletano.
One of the long-term aims set was a 70% increase in the employment rate. This is to be achieved by raising the retirement age, thus depriving citizens of the restful retirement they are entitled to.
This code has proved its usefulness but is deficient in two important areas.
Even though the WHO classified the H1N1 influenza as a minor illness, at the same time, it issued a pandemic warning of level 6, the highest possible level.
The communication has been produced showing how the Commission is mainstreaming gender equality in development cooperation.
I refer, in particular, to the industrial triangle of Syracuse in Sicily, which is the largest petrochemical complex in Europe.
Everyone can understand why developing countries may have a less ambitious environmental agenda to our own.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (PT) Madam President, I note the spirit of compromise shown by the Socialist benches and, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, I must say that we are also open to compromise and will not therefore oppose this suggestion.
That is why it is disgraceful that Sweden is now putting the timetable at risk and making enlargement conditional upon agricultural policy.
Time will tell which cases cannot be included in the list of supplements, so I therefore suggest that such cases be resolved individually, impartially and in people’s interests.
I believe the amendments to be realistic; I believe the amendments to be minimalist; and I believe the amendments are aimed at achieving maximum consensus and therefore, I hope, a qualified majority tomorrow in Parliament.
rapporteur. - Mr President, I have enjoyed this debate.
This judgement is important, not just for Europe' s past, but also for its present.
The vote will take place tomorrow, Thursday 12 July.
Finally, our fourth objective: we wanted the measures undertaken on behalf of the Balkans to be based on a serious, multiannual and binding estimate of needs.
Mr President, please allow me to draw attention to one more thought.
The Danish Presidency will continue the work on this basis and I would like to stress that everyone involved - on both sides - should do their utmost to find a solution as quickly as possible.
I finish, where I started, by saying that we are right to treat this with the utmost seriousness.
There are still a few formalities to iron out, but the conditions will soon be in place for this office to be set up.
But the icing on the cake is that even here there will be support for holding the West responsible for this situation and this poverty.
(DE) Madam President, I must say, I am startled at what Mr Wojciechowski has just said about Germany, and what a disturbance to the fabric of Europe Germany represents.
The next item is the report by Mrs Thyssen, on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the safety of toys - C6-0039/2008 -.
This afternoon, for the first time since I took office, each of the speakers on today's list - I am not sure who did not appear - spoke for a shorter time than he or she could have done according to the speakers' list, except for Mr McCartin.
But the point surely is a moral one.
However, it is perhaps regrettable that the Commission and the Secchi report do not seem to have put forward any proposal regarding certain elements of direct corporate taxation, such as the way the rate for corporate taxation is calculated.
Bearing that in mind - and I am not the first to make the point - I am sure we would all recommend that certain elements of the report should be seen as effective compromise solutions, but compromises nonetheless.
This is a process that is gathering pace in terms of modernisation because the Commission is currently bringing forward proposals, in a White Paper, on introducing private damages.
Therefore I urgently request that such data be provided to help us assess the situation.
Therefore, there is much at stake here in this domain and that is important.
Now all of these things are certainly in doubt.
That leads me to insist that the chief obstacle to Turkey' s accession is not prejudice or discrimination.
Thus in the case of Greece we have moved from 370 000 hectares at a subsidy of EUR 594 per hectare, to 270 000 hectares at EUR 750; but if we cultivate more than 270 000 hectares, opting for 370 000 hectares, which we are perfectly entitled to do, no one will come and tell us, as they used to, that there is an upper ceiling or a penalty.
Crucial and political decisions are being placed beyond the reach of politicians elected by the people.
With regard to the proposal that is being presented here, I feel that that the discussion today is clear.
On his initiative, liaison officers have been appointed in the offices of national ombudsmen, and information on the implementation and application of EU law is published in the 'Ombudsman Newsletter'.
However, Europe as a whole is subject to the rule of law and we can also put our confidence in it in this area.
The road is a hard one; that is true, but I am firmly convinced that our continent is better equipped today for its future in the world of the 21st century than it was 15 or 20 years ago.
More specifically with regard to the implementation of the White Paper considerable progress has been made with preparing the associated countries to integrate into the internal market.
Hu Jia said one day that he hoped to be China's last prisoner of conscience but the reality is very different.
in writing. - British Conservatives support measures to step up the fight against undeclared work, particularly some measures mentioned in the report - those encouraging Member States to reduce the burden of taxation on the workforce and promoting the benefits of legal employment for example.
We should not be taking any action against them.
In fact, with regard to television programmes too, it is important for children to be able to make informed choices and for their parents to be able to help them in this.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I already used some of the arguments in my previous answer, but it is clear that this is a very important area and I will try to highlight some other additional information in responding to this question.
I should like to ask, given that it is prohibited to teach Fascist or Nazi ideas about the annihilation of the Jews, if we can accept, on the contrary, that they be taught by Muslim fundamentalists in the light of the specific circumstances which have arisen following the attack on 11 September.
We can help, and that way we can establish together a real European democracy.
The directive, which spells the end of a lengthy debate between Parliament and the Council, provides, among other things, for the period in which consumers can withdraw from a sale to be doubled from seven to fourteen days, and for enhanced protection in the event of a lack of conformity.
The Petitions Committee often offers the citizen a way of cutting through the bureaucracy of Europe to address issues affecting their lives.
I would like to thank everyone who has been involved in this work: the Swedish Presidency for its tough negotiations, the Commission for all its expertise and my colleagues who have taken part in the committee and delegation work, as well as everyone else who has taken part in the delegation.
The EU has once again proved unable to counterbalance the dictatorship of the markets and shareholders, for example by introducing a tax on speculation - such as the 'Tobin tax' - by strengthening employees' and citizens' rights of economic control or by introducing European-level legislation banning redundancies.
Indeed, while chatting about energy, we are selling our future.
The JPA must now adopt a strategy and a working method to guarantee the best follow-up and supervision of the use of these funds.
The Commission's recommendations to the Council on the broad guidelines of economic policy are a source of some concern to us, since they appear to be determined by a strictly monetarist approach in which employment and growth are incidental considerations.
Parliament did not get absolutely everything on its Christmas list!
Unfortunately, we also have to note that little or no progress has been made on other issues, some of which were among our priorities.
The Charter is not, and was never intended to be, a Charter of the rights of European institutions above the Member States.
People content themselves with constantly trotting out the false old adages of the European structure: "without the single currency, the single market does not work; without the single market, we will have a crisis and war' and then the next logical argument: "without a single European state and integral unification of legislation, the single currency will not work' .
Just yesterday, the President of Brazil made a statement that threw the G8 into the wastebasket of history and supported the G20.
It is, however, becoming increasingly apparent that our children's future is indeed a digital future.
Iran considers itself to be invincible and unassailable on the economic, industrial, financial and energy fronts, and we therefore fear that any negotiation is destined to fail.
If small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are, for the first time, to be put at the heart of European legislation, it is no cause for celebration.
While we await this constructive innovation, we must be glad about any initiative which strengthens the solidarity between the citizens of the Union, and more particularly about the initiative that Christian Cabrol is about to take.
I believe Romania will be ready to join the European Union by 1 January 2007 with Bulgaria.
Therefore, I can only mention a few key points relating to some of these.
In view of that, I would ask that we do indeed vote on amendment nine.
I congratulate Mr Frattini!
That is why we have defended maintaining simplified procedures for micro-enterprises and why we have introduced a measure exempting small-scale craftspeople from a compulsory CE label.
Liberalisation must be continued and the network improved.
I therefore endorse the line taken in the report by Mr Gil-Robles Gil-Delgrado and Mr Tsatsos regarding the need for the European Parliament to play an important role, and I hope that other countries will follow the advice of the Italian Presidency and rally round to support the commitment taken in this House by President Berlusconi.
What I can guarantee is that the British Presidency is earnest in our endeavours to try and reach that agreement, but critical days and critical discussions lie ahead.
I am sure you know that.
However, the time has come for the European Union to also take on an active role.
I have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with Rule 103(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
Commissioner, please speak with the Commission on our behalf; we will take care of the Council, politically, because, if we listened to them, we would have to wait a month before discussing this issue.
It is disproportionate, it restricts our freedom and I think it is this very freedom that we have to promote in the European Union.
He would do better to stay away.
We come now to the debate.
May I say that the report was also remarkable for what it omitted.
So let us not be naive.
On the other hand, it has emphasised 'new priorities': in other words, the neoliberal objectives of the 'Lisbon Strategy' (including the so-called 'public-private partnerships'), 'climate change' and the militarisation of the EU.
Furthermore, there is added value at European level if the two sides of industry can also learn from each other how to develop new concepts and to implement pilot schemes.
There are 126 of them, and 93 will have had their contracts with us cancelled by the end of 2001.
But at the end of the day I hope that Member States will understand that if they carry on with such a strategy, sooner or later, when they have to ask for the consent of citizens for the European project, they will be the first victims to fall to the ground.
Madam President, speaking on behalf of the Socialist Group on the relocation of jobs by the Xerox Corporation, first I should like to apologise on behalf of my co-signatory, Mr Metten, who, because of the delay in this debate has had to return to Holland.
The paramilitary groups have to be dismantled, the crimes have to be investigated, and those responsible have to be held accountable.
A solution has also been found to the issue of the early retirement of employees of the European Parliament's political groups.
Mr President, though Europe's economy has in recent years been developing at relatively satisfactory rates - for example, in 1997 growth amounted to 2.7 % - we are not seeing a corresponding fall in unemployment.
(Parliament approved the joint text)
Eating fruit may help to prevent and/or cure these illnesses, thanks to the vitamins it contains.
The President knows we have tried to back his position, not only out of respect for him personally but out of real conviction that this is a new path we must take.
It has to be said that this amounts to a dramatic failure for those who promoted such a policy.
All these must be thoroughly and swiftly investigated and, if found guilty of gross mismanagement or sleaze, Commissioners must go.
And that is just to mention two headings.
This shows that the system under the directive - whereby the data protection authorities, the national data protection authorities, are responsible - works.
When we talk about public health, however, I must however say that we still have a number of problems with the results of the seventeen scientific investigations which were not able to distinguish the naturally produced BST hormones from the artificially manufactured ones.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (PT) Madam President, the NATO Summit took place in Lisbon, and so I would like to say a few words about what happened in my country in connection with this Summit.
However, on the specifics of how, as a member of the Quartet, we can continue to progress, I would like to place on record, on behalf of the Council, our gratitude and support for the continuing efforts of James Wolfensohn.
Documents received: see Minutes
(DE) Mr President, I would like to ask why the Member who is sitting in seat number 56 has voted simultaneously for 56 and 57.
In some cases, these were very costly measures (for example, the costs were estimated at EUR 1.3 billion in Great Britain and EUR 990 million in France, compared to EUR 87 million against seasonal influenza).
Furthermore, this sector impinges on cultural and natural heritage and on traditions and contemporary cultures in the European Union.
At the same time, we have had our rows because we also play different roles and sometimes we have to be very realistic about what we can achieve and we have to fight our corners in each institution.
Particular emphasis will be placed on setting up close links between the Foundation's work programme and its budget.
We must therefore step up measures aimed at prevention and cure.
Let me state, once again, that the proposed documents already exist as a result of cooperation with the Council and/or UNESCO.
I would like to underline that, without the continued support of the European Parliament, most of our policies that are in place today would not have been adopted, and the leading role of the European Union in the world would not provide the hope that an international agreement will be achieved in Copenhagen in 2009.
In my opinion, the English scientists, who quickly found an early answer on transmissibility from BSE to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, already know many of these answers.
It will have a crucially important role to play in charting our course over the next 20 or 30 years.
(LT) Mr President, first I would like to thank the rapporteur Ria Oomen-Ruijten and other colleagues who prepared this report concerning the improvement of portability of the right to a supplementary pension.
What I would like the Commission to confirm, if possible, is if the work at Temelín follows the recommendations of twelve inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency and that it will, in fact, create safety standards equivalent to those in our Member States.
I disagree with the views of certain sports organisations that believe that there would be more disputes in court following some kind of consolidation or codification of principles relating to the activities of sport beyond the strictly sporting context, complying of course with the principles of self-regulation.
The jobless in Italy therefore always seem far more numerous precisely because there is a law that forces women to join the list of those seeking work even if this work is not what they want or desire.
It is, in my view, tolerable, in order to do justice to both these principles, for some stages to take rather longer, thus enabling the necessary consultations to be carried out.
The UK would be better off out.
That centuries-old document sums up well the principles upon which all my work here is guided: 'It is in truth not for glory, nor riches, nor honours that we are fighting, but for freedom - for that alone, which no honest man gives up but with life itself'.
Permanent abandonment premium for winegrowers
It is our moral duty to stand shoulder to shoulder with them.
Today, the presence of 500 000 Syrian immigrants is a serious obstacle to the restoration of independence to the country.
Will the Council make a statement on the progress of trade and cooperation negotiations with Mexico?
That will simply not solve the problem of climate destabilisation.
We must all work together to ensure that they do so.
I agree with the rapporteur that yet another new committee carries with it an unnecessarily large bureaucracy.
We shall interrupt them at about 12.15 pm to enable us to debate Mrs Lindeperg's report.
Or is there some underlying attempt not to proceed speedily as some influential political forces are not so favourable to such action and are themselves bordering on being racist and xenophobic?
We must therefore support the political groups of Philippine members of parliament who are going to present a draft abolishing the death penalty in that country’s congress, so that that abolition can become a reality and the death penalty in the Philippines can come to an end.
As a result, the desired outcome – namely to effect a major shift in what the consumer decides when he buys a car – would not be achieved, since, if there is only a difference of EUR 80 between a car with 120 g/km emission and a car with 200 g/km emissions, then the market will remain unaffected.
I must thank him for his frankness, because in a way the two concepts are contradictory.
(SV) Madam President, I am rapporteur for the report on transitional arrangements for bilateral investment agreements after the Treaty of Lisbon and, following thorough consideration of Parliament's vote and the Council's proposal, I would like to step down as rapporteur for this report, as the position of both the Council and Parliament so one-sidedly favours the interests of investors and does not take account of the need for transparency.
Instead of creating and sustaining world class centres of academic excellence, we are destroying them through lack of funding and misconceived class-driven doctrines.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon.
I am pleased to say that in Wales, which I represent, 40% of our national assembly members are women as the result of positive action by the political parties but, on the other hand, we have only 4 women MPs from Wales in the House of Commons which is only 10% of the total; so statements of principle, of support in principle, are not enough because they have not worked.
These would have access to the personal data of hooligans or 'risk supporters' identified by the different Member States.
It should also serve to bolster the Commission's new-found courage as regards biotechnology and the life sciences.
Report (A5-0107/2003) by Maurizio Turco, on behalf of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, on the initiative by the Kingdom of Denmark with a view to adopting a Council Act amending the Council Act of 3 November 1998 adopting Rules on the confidentiality of Europol information (13875/2002 - C5-0553/2002 - 2002/0823(CNS)); on the initiative by the Kingdom of Denmark with a view to adopting a Council Act amending the Staff Regulations applicable to Europol employees (13873/2002 - C5-0555/2002 - 2002/0822(CNS)); on the initiative of the Hellenic Republic with a view to the adoption of a Council Decision adjusting the basic salaries and allowances applicable to Europol staff (6314/2003 - C5-0066/2003 - 2003/0806(CNS))
It is not easy.
As these are exceptional preferences that are not compatible with the positive or negative non-discrimination rule of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), it is necessary to obtain a WTO waiver before awarding these trade preferences.
We are aware of this.
However, what I absolutely cannot support are elements in the report which appear to call for binding European agreements on Member States' pension systems. That is at odds with everything the Belgian Socialist Party stands for.
This Mr Bangemann, however, was also sent here on two occasions by Kohl's government.
Naturally, the registration number of the slaughterhouse offers them little or nothing in terms of the information they require.
Subject: Securing the external borders of an Enlarged Union Slovenia has some 370 border crossings with its neighbour Croatia.
Do not forget, those of you who say that, after all, the Union works even without these changes, that there are a number of new elements in this Reform Treaty that will help us and explicitly allow us to tackle more effectively climate change and the whole energy challenge, as well as providing for more openness through public Council meetings and the increased role of national parliaments.
The present directive does not apply to retrofitting road transport vehicles with engines and spare parts when they have exceeded 75% of their total lifetime mileage.
That is why I voted in favour of this resolution, which endorses a strategy for the High North.
On 19 November 1989, on the initiative of Mr Mitterrand, an extraordinary European Council met to pave the way for regular consultations between the two Germanies and their partners.
The German Bundesbank - which to German conservatives is as the Vatican is to Catholics - writes in its monthly report for March: 'However, financial contributions from the International Monetary Fund to resolve structural problems - such as to directly finance a budget deficit or to finance a bank recapitalisation - are incompatible with its monetary mandate'.
Firstly, what will be the exact relationship between the ECB and the national central banks with regard to the management of the free reserves, that is, the reserves that fall outside the 39.46 billion euros that will be placed at the disposal of the Central Bank, in accordance with the Statute?
As for the strengthening of overall economic coordination and a European budget drawn up in accordance with federal principles, which the report calls for, we must not count on these too much in the immediate future, as is shown by the somewhat unsatisfactory results obtained on this chapter in the Convention.
Mr President, I want to thank Mr Macartney for his report which is well done and represents the views and concerns of the Committee on Fisheries.
And in this respect, I would like to highlight three of the amendments which have been proposed to you by your committee.
We did so for a very simple reason: in the last few days we have seen Commissioner Fischler suspend negotiations on live television; Mr Prodi - I do not know if he is still in Morocco - has submitted a new proposal and restarted negotiations; some Ministers for Agriculture or Fisheries, including the Spanish Minister, have also made statements, and it makes sense that we should be able to debate this issue and that we should be at least as well informed - we are not asking for a resolution - as television newsreaders.
Otherwise, the deadlock that we fear we are in at the moment will continue.
On the subject of butterfat - there is also an issue here arising from the overproduction that occurs in this sector - I can confirm that the fact that payment of aid is concentrated on only a few Member States is to be reviewed at the forthcoming assessment of the milk sector.
You have also heard what Mr Swoboda had to say.
This means, therefore, that the pressure to utilise the open coordination method is slowly being reduced.
Moreover, I hope that this has not created too much in the way of difficulties for the Commission in the negotiations.
Both scenarios would be a little bit odd unless they were subject to an agreement among the three institutions.
The motion for a resolution before you was adopted in committee by 55 votes to 2 with 1 abstention. It proves to be an account with many contrasts.
It is now two years since ten new Member States joined the EU.
Commissioner, you now have a golden opportunity to prove that.
It wants the approbations included in the preliminary draft of the budget reinstated.
   . Mr President, at the end of June I became aware of the fact that 35 thousand refugees are in deep trouble in Germany.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
But what does that mean?
Mr President, I want to congratulate Mrs Fourtou on this important report.
I think it should be borne in mind that a good evaluation requires explicit evaluation criteria, and I also think that in the future the objectives should be stated more clearly than has been done hitherto.
For example, Mr Barnier, who you have referred to, is scheduled for this afternoon, but not for a little while.
The vote will take place at noon today.
Do you not think this is violence?
In the next few years, our power and our responsibilities will increase significantly.
The discussions have made it clear that there are no quick and easy fixes to the delicate balance of the environmental, developmental and trade needs of a world undergoing rapid change.
Despite our past failure to ensure that people were not killed, the onus is now on us to ensure that in future no message of support goes out to the Indonesian authorities as it stands.
   – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, although last year, Romania and Bulgaria once again took the necessary and important steps, there is a great deal left to be done by both countries in the short time that remains, namely until 1 January 2007.
Many people may well be wondering why the agricultural policy should now start subsidising a branch of agriculture which has not received any grants to date, for floriculture has hardly benefited from any European grants.
I have risen to speak on the basis of Rule 160, as the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance has requested that the vote on a number of amendments be taken by roll call.
Mr President, I just wanted to say that I was very sorry that we have decided again not to receive travel expenses.
That is why I look forward to what the Presidency and the Commission are shortly to present to Parliament.
It is however, regrettable that the impression has been given that this draft is intended to set the interest of the 15 ‘old’ Member States against those of the ten ‘new’ ones that joined us in May 2004.
Documents received: see Minutes
We must find a way to ensure that we not only capture that wealth and those funds but we guarantee that they return dividends into our own economies by creating greater economic growth and by creating more jobs.
Firstly, Parliament has the chance to approve tomorrow in the House our recommendation at second reading concerning the ERDF.
As you know, cigarettes are not a tax-free commodity.
This is why, on this matter, we agree with the Commission' s current proposal.
The credibility and validity of the European model of civilisation are also at stake.
Let us try, therefore, to make the general public aware of what the European Union has achieved and the advantages it presents. This would help them in their choice, and create support for a European construction which is in accordance with their wishes.
The European Union must be ready to face dangers posed by the said natural phenomena.
Finally, there is a series of ideas which we believe to be useful, which have been applied already in some Member States and which are no doubt going to be have a positive effect in terms of ensuring that this introduction of notes and coins for 300 million Europeans takes place more easily.
Binding rules across the EU are essential.
It is not about shivering around a candle in a cave: it is about a future that can be more positive and attractive than today's.
We can only seize the material at the last station in the territory of the Member States.
Such children will not enter the job market, as they can only do those things which are unsuitable for the job market.
It is my experience that these vehicles are very well maintained as a matter of course.
We must wait to see what the estimates are and after next week we will be in a position to talk about what exactly it is that agriculture needs.
Mr President, Mr Reul, I wanted to ask you whether your personal position has changed at all.
Quite simply, I tried to explain that the Commission had already undertaken to prepare documents that I believe have the dual merit of being very objective and of presenting the situation as it is now and as it will be once the draft Constitution has been ratified.
With apologies to Mr Shakespeare, methinks the report doth protest too much.
You ignored referendums, you denied referendums, and you bullied the poor Irish into voting a second time.
There is more flexibility for young workers in Europe than in the United States.
At the same time, we must increase energy efficiency, responsible energy consumption and investment in renewal energy sources.
On the whole and considering the climate, we should count ourselves lucky that we managed to persuade the world not to go in for any backtracking, despite the strong opposition from the United States and some other countries.
As far as the environment is concerned, we decided within the World Trade Organization that the ministerial conference in Singapore, which is to be held in December, will have to deal both with the environment and with international social standards.
I must therefore vigorously protest against both the attack on public services and the threat to workers in this field.
This information shows the fact that the European Union's efforts concentrate on two areas.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, today we are dealing, by urgent procedure, with the Commission proposal to postpone the time limit for presenting applications for permanent abandonment premiums by one month, i.e. from 31 December 1996 to 31 January 1997 - note January, despite the fact that today's date is 14 March.
For one thing, we are in full agreement about implementing this year's budget process under the old rules, as trying to change this in the middle of the reading of the budget would result in chaos.
The committee came to the following conclusion, and I quote: ' At the present time, the committee has no option but to recommend that bovine material for use in manufacturing these products should originate only in areas in which BSE is not epidemic.'
Mr President, I would like to begin by congratulating our rapporteur, Mr Schmitt, on his report which now brings a sensible compromise to the original Commission proposal.
As we know, many new plant varieties patented by biotech companies are based on traditional wisdom handed down through the generations, and now farmers are being asked to pay for these patents.
   . Despite the technical aspect that the rapporteur attempted to introduce into this report, the issue has a major political part to play in the unrestrictedly ‘open and competition-based market’ that is being sought.
A clear message was also sent out at the weekend to those who believe that enlargement can be continued without carrying out the reforms that are essential as part of the constitutional process.
People have begun to feel the benefits of essential structural reforms.
There is one point that the rapporteur addressed and which continues to be seen as a major problem by many members of the public, by which I mean the high costs involved in transferring funds across borders.
I hope too that she will offer support for the Community initiatives and the innovative projects which, as the report points out, represent 70 % of the total underspends.
The under-utilization of funds is admittedly a genuine problem, but rather than jumping to the conclusion that the financial volume is too great for requirements it would be better to wonder about the specks of grit that are jamming the mechanism.
Do you intend to take any initiatives here?
However, I do recognise the good intention of the report, i.e. the proposed change would in many cases mean an increase in effectiveness.
When the Commission made its autumn forecast, it pointed out that it expected growth in employment to reach 1.2 % in 1998, a more rapid rate of growth than the 0.8 % rate recorded in spring.
It is as simple as that.
It has been suggested that freedom of expression was violated.
In my opinion, we need objective criteria that take due account of the peculiarities of the agricultural sector in the individual EU Member States.
There are still a few countries in which they need to have their voices heard, which will cause the necessary problems, as there are still questions on this score.
Shame on us Europeans! We were able to supply Berlin when the people there were under siege!
The Commission talks about this being driven by demand from outside the EU and clearly it has taken into consideration the recent developments in Asia.
It is considered that such missions would be a waste of valuable resources at this moment as 100% testing is in place for poultrymeat from Brazil and Thailand and for shrimps from Thailand.
This is why this crucial need for convergence absolutely requires a robust cohesion budget, which cannot be weakened to fund other policies.
It is a sorry state of affairs that no one benefits from this, the people least of all.
Europe' s role: we first need to emphasise that Europe rejects war as an instrument for resolving international conflict: only then can we talk of the 'military' role of the Union.
I hope that the President of the Council will give that point a moment's thought.
(DE) Mr President, in times of climate change and global warming, this much is obvious: we must reduce greenhouse gas emissions and we must save energy.
The sitting was closed at 4.40 p.m.
Thirdly - and many speakers have mentioned this today - we undoubtedly have to reinforce the voice of the euro in defending the stability of our currency and in bilateral and multilateral relations with holders of our currency, with those representing other currencies and, in particular, with the other currencies of the major players in the global economy.
Why is the Commission proposing the reform of the CFP, which, as everyone knows, is planned for 2002, without a budget of its own?
   . I voted in favour of this conciliation outcome.
Precisely in this respect we need to make changes, so that we can ultimately have a real discussion on the future of the European Union.
The Committee on Culture appears to have interpreted the maintenance of degressivity on the part of the Committee on Budgets as a kind of punishment of these associations when in reality it promotes – together with co-financing, as I said earlier – their establishment in the future, since nowhere is it written that these grants should be awarded
The Council cannot have any objections if we call for general conditions of employment including recruitment, dismissal, remuneration and social security to be the subject of a contract.
Mr President, I read about this case last year and did the only thing that I could do. I raised it in my group.
The Montenegrin Government has also won plaudits from the UN over the broad spectrum of problems it has managed to address.
At most, we might stretch our generosity to give products which contain very different qualities of vegetable fats, the name 'cocoa-based fantasy.'
And indeed, as Ms Bowles has said, we do have policies towards those.
What we decided upon begins with the definition of a process, as I explained earlier, and goes on to define a procedure.
We will continue the assistance that is already ongoing, notably in the fields of human rights, education and poverty eradication.
I believe it is ironic and tragic that the two countries who talk most about encouraging democracy in the Middle East – the United Kingdom and the United States – should be the very countries who left their posts in Jericho yesterday.
They do not have access to any legal or medical help.
At a time when the European economy is stagnating, when unemployment is no longer falling, we need to enhance the status of the various occupations in this sector, in particular for young Europeans, to stimulate the desire to work in this field.
Only then, with these sound principles, will it be possible to tackle different kinds of difficulties, for example the problems of restructuring in many areas, including in wealthier countries, the restructuring difficulties in agriculture, female poverty and the depopulation of urban areas.
The European Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control have uncovered enough things now to insist on clean-up measures.
One of those mentioned - and which I support - is the challenge of proposing energy sources that offer an alternative to nuclear energy.
   – Mr President, Mr Solana, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we face a very tragic situation in the Middle East.
Very well, I am obviously in agreement, but why not think of the euro as a currency that saves us not only from inflation but, by means of a little virtuous and guaranteed debt, also secures us greater liquidity to launch a major European investment programme by issuing Eurobonds?
As the situation in the region is still very serious, I would like, in this first speech of mine in the European Parliament, to focus on expressing the views of the European Union on the prevailing crisis.
Apart from this provision, it falls to each Member State to decide the composition of its representation and, therefore, it falls to the Presidency to establish, in its capacity as such, how it will be represented in its appearances and parliamentary acts.
The Danish Social Democrat delegation is therefore unanimous in not voting for the restoration of a Commission which is almost identical to the one we have just dismissed.
The greed of individual bankers, traders and short-sellers is certainly to blame, but so too is the failure of governments to ensure transparency and honesty in their dealings.
It would put us out in the cold, and that is something we have to defend ourselves against.
Member of the Commission. - There is no excuse for crime, wherever that crime has taken place - be it in the real world or in the digital world - but of course, it is much easier to fight crime in the real world because you have the instruments which allow you directly to intervene.
I was in favour of the introduction of private-sector television from the very outset, as I still am, whilst being convinced, in the final analysis, that we must work on the assumption that a public-service broadcasting remit is necessary.
This House does in fact have a degree of latitude with regard to non-compulsory expenditure, although it has none with regard to compulsory expenditure, which of course includes agricultural expenditure.
in writing. - (DE) I voted in favour of the report by Mrs Lefrançois, since a central tenet of the fight against terrorism has to be the prevention of terrorist offences.
We have seen a new process of making paper from straw, again using much more environmentally friendly chemicals.
Some of the EU states border on countries with crime levels that are inconceivable to us here in the West.
Therefore our chief task is to invest in people, in people’s education; that is our future.
(Sustained applause)
These things are self-contained objectives to which the European Union attaches great importance, especially the reduction of unemployment, which we have elevated to the status of the number one problem - though in words only I fear -, and they are by no means unconnected with the success of the single currency.
Many are trying to explore innovative solutions for solving the hard questions, like refugees and Jerusalem first.
Mr President, the draft regulation we are now discussing provides for the implementation of the .eu top-level domain, which should raise the profile of the European Union in cyberspace and allow the ring of confidence created by the single market to shine through to the Internet.
If we want a real single market for financial services, consumers and providers must be guaranteed the same rights everywhere in the Union.
The rapporteur’s report is a very thorough piece of work, and makes for fairly gloomy reading.
Anyone who now puts a spoke in the wheel and stops the wedding from going ahead or stops the couple from living together will bear an enormously heavy burden of responsibility.
We have, then, taken steps to make progress and to obtain uniform statistics.
   Mr President, when the Convention was set up, it was a unique historic decision, based on the idea that – in broadly based dialogue with the people – elected representatives, governments and EU institutions should, in an open and thoughtful way, prepare the EU for enlargement and the future.
Even though limited human rights are only assured in wealthy countries because they are refused to the poor people of the planet, it is precisely the wealthy countries, so proud of their human rights at home, that maintain in the poor countries a number of terrible regimes, based on oppression and, in particular, on endless misery.
I welcome the fact that Parliament has endeavoured, as far as possible, to make the legislative initiative procedure for EU citizens as simple and easy to use as possible because they are the ones who will actually use it.
For the moment, and until 3 December, when the World Anti-Doping Agency meets, the ball is in the Agency' s court.
It appears that Member States are beginning to take their obligations seriously but it is still a case of too little too late.
Consequently, we, in Parliament, are debating the Commission' s original proposal for a 65% loan guarantee.
We believe it is essential that we also highlight the case of rural areas and areas dependent on fishing.
(Parliament agreed to the request)
I say to you that you must put your own house in order before you think of extending it.
The report clarifies its scope and adapts it to the real needs of the common fisheries policy under the new Treaty of Lisbon, so I think it is positive.
Mr Vice-President Frattini's words have cast a little doubt, but nonetheless I hope that the Agency will be consistent in protecting human rights.
Mr President, energy security is an area which the EU should get involved in, and where it should act with the greatest possible degree of unity and coordination, which is not the case with many other European initiatives, and therefore we, as the European Conservatives and Reformists, support the creation of a common energy market, as this will strengthen the position of Member States vis-à-vis the main suppliers, while also limiting the scope for some suppliers of strategic raw materials to abuse their dominant position in order to play foreign policy games.
On the other hand, we in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs in particular appreciate that the sectoral approach is the approach we have to work with, so there will be directives on seasonal workers and intra-corporate transferees, but you cannot blame our group, which has equal treatment on the country-of-origin principle at the heart of its activities in trying to resolve these matters.
At the request of the European Parliament, the Ombudsman gave a definition of the term "maladministration" in the annual report for 1997.
Minority rights are a critical condition.
People in the Member States have to know the decisions that have been taken on their behalf which may not, in the long-term, be in their interests.
This is obviously a question which really has to be seen in a NATO context, but, as the European Union shares NATO' s view of these issues, it is not difficult for us to associate ourselves with this. I would like to make this clear on behalf of the Council, so that there can be no doubt.
At another point in today's debate I said that we were expecting it in the middle of April and that it should be published in the Official Journal of the European Union by the second half of May.
While the study noted that the Commission has a relatively well developed system for notification of conflicts of interests, it suggests that consideration be given to enlarging the mandate of our ad hoc Ethical Committee to include a broader advisory role.
In this context, the Council’s common position and Parliament’s recommendation for this second reading are moving in an essentially constructive direction.
Croatia is in the home straight.
Redondo Jiménez report (A4-0163/98)
Recent political events in Georgia show that the freedom of expression of political views through the media is essential for stability and, for instance, despite progress in Armenia, further efforts are needed to fight corruption and fully comply with human rights standards.
I fully accept what he said and if I caused him embarrassment I would like to apologise.
(CS) Mr President, in light of the fact that the words 'too little too late' have already been uttered many times when assessing the social package, I shall give my assessment: the mountain has given birth to a mouse.
Mr Moreno Sánchez has underlined the need to make progress on all the issues in this wide-ranging agenda, with a clear emphasis – which I strongly support – on the objectives of poverty reduction and sustainable development.
The idea of the rule of law will also have to be developed further.
Madam President, you asked us if we would accept a list of names of people who could give an explanation of vote in writing.
Amendments Nos 1, 2, 3 and 4 are an appropriate supplement to the proposed requirements, and can be accepted with some changes of wording.
I find it hard to believe that no other crop would thrive where tobacco is grown.
The question of the location of the institutions has had a very high priority and concerns a high level of decision-making, relating not only to the location of our institutions in Brussels and Strasbourg, but also to Luxembourg.
Finally a letter arrived, in French.
Finally, following a request from the Commission, the Scientific Committee on Toxicity, Ecotoxicity and the Environment evaluated a study concerning the quality of drinking water in selected European cities.
The next item is the vote.
We will be accompanied by those who actually have political authority over us, namely the EU's Council of Ministers and the European Parliament, as well as by representatives of other parties involved.
Ultimately, a strict application of the amended text would result in excessive bureaucracy, involving the classification of documents, registers, appeals procedures and the need for the Union to recruit new officials.
Now they are ready, and we congratulate the authorities of Bosnia and Albania for their achievements in pursing the reforms.
in writing. - (DE) Besides the important discussion of unfair trade policies, the report on the state of relations between the EU and Africa also deals with the prevention and resolution of conflicts.
The full magnitude of the problem is not therefore expressed.
The Commission is the guardian of the Treaty and I will abide by its provisions, nothing more and nothing less.
I refer in particular to the Venice Commission whose recommendations should be observed when the preparations are made for the possible referendum on independence.
(SL) Commissioner, your report on Ukraine today was very clear.
Political support for the implementation of a climate policy is needed, but it will not come from reeling out a lot more red tape.
It is also hard to predict that constant high efficiency in the workplace will be achieved, on the basis of one or two years in which efficiency has increased.
Nevertheless, I want to give my full support to the action being taken by the Commission and the Commissioner at this stage, because they are actually trying to remedy an unacceptable situation.
My first point is that the Lisbon Council in 2000 called for the Commission to draft a report on the specific future objectives of education and training systems.
Mr President, 10 years of the euro is indeed a reason to celebrate.
I wish to stress on behalf of our group that this has our emphatic support, and it would be good if the other group chairmen were to join me in stating that quite clearly.
On the constitution, we ask you to draw up a timetable, so that we ultimately arrive at an outcome which all countries of the European Union can support, because we – and here I am speaking for the PPE section of our Group – are firmly convinced that we need the constitution.
To tackle this problem solely from an accounting point of view, which is what certain Member States, such as Germany and the Netherlands, tend to do at present, shows a narrowness of approach which is dangerous to the future of the Union, because these are essential issues for the future and the equilibrium of societies in the applicant countries.
I also know that you in this Parliament are taking a very close look at all the aspects of Agenda 2000, to help ensure that it can be concluded in good time, and let me stress how important cooperation between the Council and Parliament is in this particular process if Agenda 2000 is to be achieved during the current parliamentary term.
Thank you for you attention.
Experiments on animals have shown the toxic and carcinogenic nature of some phthalates, which can cause liver, kidney and testicular ailments in children that suck or chew on dummies, rattles or teething rings.
Mr President, the situation of many widows and widowers in Europe with young children in their care calls for a necessary progression in our legislation in order to help them.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Madam President, Mr Leichtfried, perhaps I can present my views in a rather less polarised manner.
The Commission holds that a joint double response is necessary, that is the WTO complaint and the temporary defence mechanism.
Mr Rehn has also made it clear here that this was achieved after lengthy and difficult negotiations and we believe that, in the light of the circumstances, the outcome is a balanced one.
Hopes for peace in the Middle East are higher now than they have been for many years.
I believe that cooperation between both institutions has paid off and today we are very close to reaching a definitive agreement on a text that, from the outset, involved sensitive issues, such as the prohibition of setting sail in bad weather, the aforementioned ports of refuge, for example, or the obligation to carry transponders or black boxes.
Thank you, Commissioner Byrne.
That would mean that, in some countries, the price would, in fact, increase rather than decrease, and that would be unacceptable!
Commissioner Lamy, in our meeting this morning, I asked you what the status of your Seattle mandate was.
The mandate given to the MONUC personnel on the ground will no doubt be extended, but it absolutely must be re-evaluated and strengthened, too, so that this rising tide of violence can be stemmed.
In that spirit, I welcome the European Commission's intention to employ all means at its disposal to achieve progress.
The EU decided to set up its own global navigation satellite system for two key reasons: firstly, Europe's independence from other global navigation systems and autonomy, and secondly, to gain a share in this fast growing worldwide high-tech market, which today, to a large extent, is dominated by the US.
We need public investment, first and foremost in education.
I would once again point out that the Commission already has opportunities to put greater emphasis on prevention, for example as part of the ERDF programme, but what are they doing in that connection?
A currency cannot create wealth.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, this debate clearly follows on from our resolution last October on Arctic governance.
Furthermore, the Member States are given considerable leeway not to enforce the existing legislation and not to monitor its correct enforcement.
In particular, the remaining positions for officials from the ten new Member States, most of which are for translators and interpreters, need to be filled.
In this spirit, I believe that we must welcome the broad consultation of citizens and interested parties which green papers make possible.
(ES) Mr President, I shall be very brief.
Mr President, given your esteemed background as a Spanish Socialist, is it possible that you might have a conflict of interest in continuing in the Chair, just on this point?
I believe that it is appropriate to widen the scope of application of the regulation on the cross-border transportation of euro cash by road between euro area Member States, and to apply its provisions on the territory of Member States that are preparing to introduce the euro.
It is an essential competitive advantage faced with imports from Asia.
in writing. - In AFET/SEDE, as green MEP as rapporteur, we were very successful.
Since Amsterdam, it has been decided to adhere to this principle on a fairly lasting and strict basis.
Although unemployment is the main reason for poverty, many Europeans, even those in work, are struggling with poverty on a daily basis and do not have the opportunity to lead life to the full.
Precisely because of that, the Commission must take a leading role in managing these fish species.
Good social policy will not prevent exclusion if the issues of equality of education and its high quality are ignored.
In the future, there may be 25 or even more.
What Europeans want, for there to be a stable Palestinian state, serves the interests of Israeli security.
The Law on Religion was submitted to the Commission, which had some trenchant criticisms to make of it.
I applaud the fact that we are going to develop a European Security and Defence Policy without weakening transatlantic relations and the link with NATO.
What is required is a strong political will.
I mention this for your information.
The second way in which we want social criteria to be taken into account is by enabling contracting authorities to pursue certain social and employment objectives, such as equal opportunities and social inclusion in connection with procurement.
(PL) Mr President, the telecommunications package was a regulation which prompted our citizens to be unusually active.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, China is on the agenda once again.
I would also like to ask you to ensure that, when you make your evaluation, you do not forget the social aspects - they need to be taken into account.
Clearly, on a continent such as Africa, there is room for trilateral cooperation, and this is one example.
After the vote:
I do hope, Mr President, that following this debate the Commission will tackle the situation with enthusiasm and imagination and will consider a suitable response at Community level. What is needed is not just a declaration, but a package of budgetary measures, investment, more credit from the European Investment Bank, Community guarantees and trading agreements.
A frightening indication has just been given by the report of the Committee of Inquiry of the French National Assembly on mad cow disease, with regard to customs control: none of the persons in authority interviewed - minister, central administration directors, presidents of professional syndicates - has been able to provide reliable figures on imports into France, during recent years, of animal meal of British origin.
So monetary union will have the effect of transforming a fraction of the exchange reserves of the national central banks into internal assets.
This does not fall within the jurisdiction of the Council, however, as the Honourable Member will certainly know.
The problem is not that only 25% are inspected, but rather how we select, how we find, the ships which constitute the highest risk, through the age of the ships and the risk history of the flags.
Not to mention climate change, an area, for example, in which nothing is being done about the problem of water shortage and the melting of the glaciers, which is already occurring and is going to have an absolute effect on the situation of the soil.
Now to the Schengen item, if I may.
I agree with my colleague Mr Vecchi that the question here is whether or not we are in a position to control this process of globalisation.
Far from being at the centre of a development agenda to help poorer nations out of poverty, the US tariff barriers reveal how that country uses trade rules to gain access to other people's markets, while protecting its own industrial interests at home.
A country must be free to introduce higher environmental charges to demonstrate that it is possible and to show the positive effects this step can have.
I want to emphasise once again that relations with Latin America are a geostrategic priority for the European Union.
Should it be used as a last resort, if diplomacy fails?
At the Conference of Committee Chairs, we have several times expressed the desire to structure the timeline a bit more carefully so as to be able to proceed more thoroughly.
The trans-European networks are a potent symbol of that single market, creating transport links that spread evenly the length and breadth of the EU and providing calculable benefits for business and people alike.
So there are very real and practical implications and this is just one of them.
Mrs Malone, what happened last week on information and consultation was an enormous step forward.
I hope that the Council and the Ministers of Finance take Parliament's concerns seriously and that the Commission will conduct an open discussion on the process in future.
In response to Mr Arnaoutakis, I note that subsidising fuel and energy costs constitutes operating aid.
However, in order to send a message to the ACP countries that some of us here have not forgotten them, I request that my name be deleted from the text, and I have a proposal for my fellow members of the Committee on Development, and for them alone: make a final, symbolic gesture by voting ‘no’.
For my part, I should like this appeal, which was the appeal of the European Council, to be heard and for there to be a longer period of reflection, explanation, debate and, if necessary, disagreement throughout Europe – in the Member States who have still to ratify, in those which have already ratified and in the two which rejected the Constitutional Treaty.
Sometimes airlines all charge the same amount for the same airport and sometimes they do not.
We will now proceed to the vote.(1)
It is therefore essential that negotiations be both flexible and result-oriented.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to thank you all for a very interesting debate.
In addition, the choice of 2009 as the Year of Creativity and Innovation is in terms of policy clearly an extension of the European Year of Intercultural Dialogue.
It is unfair competition for our farmers, who have made enormous efforts to improve production, and our abattoirs, which must abide by strict rules.
I will immediately inform the rotating Presidency of the Council and the President of the European Council of the result of our votes and the appointment of the European Commission until 31 October 2014.
   Mr Cavada, you are asking for a change to the agenda for January and we are now setting the agenda for the next December part-session.
Air agreements currently belong to this category.
Is the ambition contained in the words of the 2020 Strategy compatible with the budgets cuts that have been announced?
The discharge procedure is an opportunity for Parliament to test the Commission's ability to administer the EU's tax money.
   Thank you very much, Commissioner Solbes Mira.
Any other activities on various boards will always provoke questions and doubts.
We must pay tribute to the courageous struggle of the Algerian women who, defying the terrorists' threats have clearly shown their revolt and their desire to impose both an end to the attacks and the recognition of their rights.
The Commission recognizes that this is a real issue of public interest, namely the safety of all of those who use ski slopes.
I would congratulate once again the rapporteur and all of the members of the Committee on Petitions on the excellent work they have done.
I can only conclude this debate by appealing to the Commission to ensure, now, that those Member States which apply for a derogation for professional use have that derogation revoked if these new, stricter rules are regularly broken.
This agreement should therefore provide for the implementation of standards in the territories of the countries involved, so as to allow the Commission to take ultimate responsibility for implementing the budget of the fund in these states.
The Commission's proposal provides, therefore, the opportunity for private companies to be accredited as a tissue bank, just like public organisations.
What proposals, for example, will the Commission come forward with by June this year on social inclusion, as it was challenged to do in the Lisbon conclusions?
Once again, we can see that these free trade treaties are trying to push through the window what they were unable to push through the door.
The Commission shares the view of the European Parliament that better coordination and more complementarity between Community measures and national projects, with the help of the Group of Experts on Education, and more intensive cooperation with UNESCO and the Association for the Development of Education in Africa are of paramount importance in improving the effectiveness of Community aid.
This is something that I cannot accept and I therefore voted against it.
Member States are invited to include appropriate actions in their programmes for the forthcoming period, where prevention will be one of the priorities.
The MAI agreement differs from its WTO counterpart on account not only of the identity and number of countries involved, but also of the type of negotiation involved.
It is therefore essential to ask the DRC Government to regain stability and security in the country and thence to launch the peace process.
Firstly, I want to point to the need to take action to tackle the situation that often arises when the owner of a small or medium-sized enterprise retires.
Consistent participation of social partners in the creation of local rules is important, and so is the improvement of monitoring mechanisms on both a Community and Member State level.
It is not possible to combat genital mutilation, honour crimes and all the harassment suffered by women from other cultures without an instrument of this nature.
I would like, Commissioner, to draw particular attention to the situation of immigrant women.
(BG) Ladies and gentlemen, the Attack Group is voting against the Turkey progress report because we do not see any progress.
(RO) Transplants and organ donation save and prolong the lives of thousands of European citizens every year.
We now have far greater possibilities than five, ten or twenty years ago.
It is not the reality and does not tally with the figures contained in the documents that I would invite you to examine.
The people of Haiti also need real medical support, initially to contain the cholera epidemic as quickly as possible, and then to eradicate it.
I believe that trade and cooperation must be geared towards sustainable development at regional level, benefiting the people, rather than a series of projects benefiting transnational capital, such as the Puebla-Panama Plan or the European Investment Bank.
From a political perspective, there is no real point in presenting a weak or sugared position to the Commission.
I was totally amazed last week when I learned that only three of the 25 Member States are, in fact, going to implement the Directive as originally intended.
However, this does not change the situation that now exists in relation to Hong Kong.
The prevalence of arbitrary arrests, torture, discrimination against minorities and evident lack of the rule of law are all deeply disturbing.
Of course, she is entirely correct in saying that the Union' s credibility is on the line with what happens, not just in Kosovo but in the Balkans as a whole.
I know that whether or not Qimonda continues to operate depends, above all, on market forces and the will of the shareholders.
Opening of the sitting
When they give their say as to whether they are going to take up this complaint or not, that is when the Swedish Presidency will give its next reaction to this process.
I have not been particularly strict, because we actually have a little more time than is stated in the rules.
Admittedly, you could transport all animals in air-conditioned buses with couchettes; it is technically feasible.
These catalogues must include a biography of soils, typologies, structures and other variables as well as the uses, possible risks and historic, landscape or cultural values, highlighting the risks of any nature.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office, Commissioner Patten, ladies and gentlemen, my fellow members have already picked up on the main points.
We should establish a working party here that reverts to what is essential - correct and precise accounting - in order to reduce the bureaucratic burden by 25%, and not raise it by 50%, as has happened in recent months.
The Vice-President responsible for industry, Mr Verheugen, hits the nail on the head in the French press, when he says that, with the Lisbon strategy, there were so many priorities that there were none, and that this time we want an action plan which is specific and which concentrates on competitiveness.
Given that certain questions of competence in this field have been raised at EU level, can the Commission give assurances that Member States may proceed to ratify the Hague Convention of 19 October 1996 on Jurisdiction, Applicable Law, Recognition, Enforcement and Cooperation in respect of 'parental responsibility and measures for the protection of children' without delay?
Who will be able to do this?
Thus, these are not objectives which will bring an immediate return on investments, and they therefore cannot be governed by purely commercial reasoning, including where their compatibility and financing are concerned.
It has been demonstrated in time that the European institutions work: specifically, in the case of the Ecofin meeting yesterday, and also with the coordinated drop in interest rates today.
We therefore hope that the proposals we tabled are approved so as to improve the content of the report.
It is good that we are dealing with this subject, because it has been raised many times in our regions and at local authority level.
According to the latest information available, the scheme for adulterating butter set up by a number of Camorra families in Naples produced 130 000 tonnes of totally or partially artificial butter.
It is my belief that the British protocol will be found to be juridically flawed, as well as a serious political mistake.
Mrs Bjerregaard says it will be difficult to develop these, but we shall see what the Commission's programme for 1999 has to say on the subject.
I have already touched on the issue of regulating working hours, and I will not go into the incredible cost-cutting tactics adopted - even on the roads - by means of artificial self-employed status in the road haulage industry, nor into the "Willi Betz syndrome" and associated regulations, which have also been mentioned several times, nor into issues relating to tariff classification, also including, of course, the issue of external costs.
There has also been steady progress in agreeing the legislative changes that are needed.
I know that the EU arms embargo vis-à-vis China attracts the special attention of this Parliament and of many national parliaments.
The British Conservatives therefore cannot support the measures in this Report.
I would like to remind you all of President Sarkozy's great speech yesterday, in which he pointed out how much needed to change in the European Union in view of the economic crisis and the climate change disaster.
Thank you, Mr President. I would also thank the President-in-Office of the Council for this response, but you will appreciate, Mr President-in-Office, that this cannot, of course, give us MEPs any satisfaction.
The number of speeches made this morning clearly proves that much attention has been devoted to the issues concerned and sends a clear signal as to the importance of European research to the future of Europe and to our lives and economies.
What, above all, we are concerned with here are soft drinks, sweets and the like which children consume in larger quantities than is desirable.
The positive side of all this was the strengthening of our collective belief in the force of community across the globe, with the outpouring of aid and goodwill from governments and individuals alike.
I should like to hear whether discussions are being conducted in the Council about the possibility of introducing alcohol screening devices into vehicles.
Therefore I believe it is important to try to do something about bureaucracy in these countries, to promote legal certainty and to provide support.
Our inquiries have focused on the problem of determining whether the printer manufacturers are infringing Community competition rules because of the shapes and prices of their cartridges.
I support the result of the conciliation procedure because while maintaining a high level of protection it has managed not to lose sight of the second main goal: the free transfer of data must be guaranteed.
We have to say that very clearly to our partner countries.
I also think that it is of paramount importance to offer people with disabilities access to Europeana's digital content.
A careful reading of the communication and an evaluation of the real problems that, in the last analysis, gave rise to such partnerships suggest that the key issues are those I mentioned earlier.
Then we can recommend to the European Parliament Council to undertake negotiations with the country concerned, provided that it meets the criteria on the basis of our own analyses too.
It is regrettable that there are Member States whose political leaders consider themselves to be strong supporters of the European idea but at the same time will not give an inch when their national interests are at stake.
Situation in East Timor (continued)
I wish that this Second European Roma Summit brings about a real EU strategy for Roma.
Mr President, the Greek Government assumed presidency of the Union at a time of great international uncertainty and political instability.
in writing. - (EL) The proposal for a regulation on a European Research Infrastructure aims to promote the application of the so-called fifth freedom, the freedom of movement within the Union of researchers of knowledge and science, and focuses on the criteria of competition, performance and the adaptation of scientific research to the choices and objectives of capital, as expressed in the EU anti-grassroots, anti-labour Lisbon Strategy.
One might almost be forgiven for thinking that our opinion counts for nothing any more!
It strikes me that there is a failure to sound any critical note about the sometimes disastrous consequences of China's involvement in Africa.
   – Mr President, the proposal by the European Commission and Commissioner Louis Michel on a new strategic partnership between the European Union and Africa really does break away from the development policy of the European Union applied in the past.
Protocol No 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which unconditionally prohibits the death penalty in peacetime, has been ratified by all 27 Member States.
   . Mr President, in my constituency in Ireland there is a battle being fought.
A key element in this policy has been to promote transparency in tax systems and the exchange of information between tax administrations.
When a student is looking towards a career in research, physical mobility must be promoted as an educational experience which cannot be replaced by virtual mobility.
14.
Like the rapporteur, I am quite happy to protect poor Member States from a role as net payers, but simply to exempt newcomers from payments in order to entice them, is taking things too far in my view.
I would appreciate a reply to this.
In recent weeks, the European Parliament and the entire international community have mobilised themselves in defence of Sakineh, but also in defence of all the men and women who live under the same conditions in Iran and, indeed, in every other part of the world in which fundamental rights continue to be violated.
My own experience when, in a responsible post within the UN' s development programme, I sought cooperation with the Union at national level with a view to assembling and coordinating forces in different areas was that, as a rule, it did not work, either because almost every decision in the EU' s case needed to be taken in Brussels and also because of the lack of qualified staff within the area concerned.
As a result we have been able to arrive at a report which has the full approval of my Group.
First of all, the most serious threats to regional stability in Central Asia are a lack of economic reform, the continuance of authoritarian regimes and the widespread phenomena of corruption, organised crime and drug trafficking.
It is a case of informing them what they can eat and in what quantities they can eat it.
It is true that later, in the discussion and debate, this reduction ended up lower than we all thought, given that the European Environment Agency said that instead of the 8% reduction from 1990, it should be 30%, if we wanted to go along the right path.
Thanks in particular to the work of the Convention and, finally, to the agreement of the Intergovernmental Conference, we will have a Constitution which will represent a legal recasting and, above all, a political relaunch of the Union, and, as a result, the Union will be able to respond to the three great challenges of the twenty-first century: to intervene in globalisation in order to make it more democratic, to contribute to the construction of a fair and democratic international order and, of course, to respond to people’s demands.
Some want to do it the expensive way, by auction, and we want to do it the cost-effective way, through benchmarking.
Where before has such a thing ever been proposed?
It is ordinary families who are hardest hit by the credit crunch and the collapse in the value of shares and savings.
In the limited time that is available it is important that, as a number of speakers have already touched upon a number of disadvantaged groups or groups who are not doing so well in employment areas, we consider a number of aspects, the three most important ones being: equality of opportunity, equality of access and equality of training.
However, unlike the Commission and the committee, I would advocate an increase in the minimum requirements for those tyre manufacturers who wish to sell their products on the internal market, rather than detailed regulation.
From this point of view, the Commission' s proposal for a directive contains positive provisions.
To achieve demographic revival, it did not work!
I would like to expand on a couple of them.
It is deplorable that they did not consider it a top priority to abolish tax havens, promote food sovereignty and security, support quality public services and respect governments' right to preserve their economies and public services, particularly in the areas of health, education, water, culture, communications and energy.
Turning now to those who are forming ranks to oppose this choice, I would also like to recall the words of Chancellor Schroeder, who stated in the Bundestag that he was not against inserting the reference to Judaeo-Christian roots into the Constitutional Treaty.
Commissioner Gradin had hoped to learn from the experience of the Bosnian tragedy, and quite rightly so.
We will have to work on this.
This way of seeing ourselves is however not yet a reality but still a dream, and that is why I propose that we do not move on to the agenda but have a more in-depth round of communication, information and social dialogue about the results of the last six months.
I do on the other hand encounter constant criticism about the lack of true democracy in the European Union.
Furthermore, EU support for agreements with third countries involves maintaining national fishery capacity for certain Member States at a time when there is a need for substantial restrictions on all European fishing.
There have been photocopies.
An important aspect in this is that, on the one hand, the EU's priorities have been taken into account but, on the other, the Member States have been left with sufficient room for manoeuvre.
I would also like to say that Mexico is currently waging a very difficult war against organised drug trafficking.
If we are now starting to have adequate scientific data at our disposal - some of which gave rise to the current crisis, and some of which are enabling us to find solutions - it is partly thanks to the impetus provided by this conference.
Decisive action was also agreed on non-cooperative offshore tax havens.
As combating poverty is one of the main objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy, everything possible must be done to achieve it, specifically as regards women, less advantaged and older women especially.
Lessons were learnt from this and it gave the Convention impetus to make perhaps greater progress on aspects of the foreign, security and defence policy than we had initially thought possible.
This cooperation, these comparisons, this interpretation and questions of cooperation between the European Central Bank and the Commission during the evaluation and comparison of statistics is important for us.
However, it is premature and therefore not acceptable to make reference to a concordance table before the evaluation by the Scientific Committee.
Thank you, Mrs Gradin.
More than one and a half million people have been displaced in the Kivu province, which demonstrates how bad the problem is.
Finally, a Council decision would bring the role of the Court of Justice into line with that which has been provided for in the Amsterdam Treaty.
In order to do so, however, I would have to see guarantees on certain fundamental issues, which are the criteria for the quality and efficiency of the enormously important political and economic measure that should result from these directives.
Furthermore, promoting this new tool would limit excessive recourse to the judicial system.
(SL) In answer to Mr Pirker: it is a fact that procedures to include the Swiss Federation and the Principality of Liechtenstein in the Schengen area have already begun.
We assume that the phrase 'harmonised at European level' means 'minimum rules' which permit Member States to retain or introduce more stringent environmental and safety standards, not least where permitted alcohol levels and speed limits are concerned.
Only by preventing discrimination against women can we get more women on to the labour market.
At the end of 2008, the European Parliament took up this matter, too, in a resolution.
In some cases it proves impossible to enforce the decisions, which is why we must put much more emphasis on this question in the context of allocating the custody of minors.
Make the system fairer and more transparent, and then we can talk about own resources.
We are therefore firmly convinced that the key to peace resides in good governance, justice, respect for human rights, the democratic process and development.
There are many other needs which need to be fulfilled, particularly in the social sector, and aid needs to be continued.
We must not forget, however, that there is a great deal of expertise in the sector itself at the moment, and we must not duplicate the effort.
On currently available proposals, future EU agricultural production would be threatened.
From our group's point of view, it is clear that we cannot close the Commission's accounts, since there are still some unresolved cases concerning which the Greens have tabled three amendments.
The violence inflicted on the people, particularly women and children, is indescribable.
This surplus in many regions of the European Union has had a direct impact on local fish populations and fisheries, so cormorants have become a European-scale problem.
That would have to be achieved by calling in private profit-oriented businesses, by reducing the number of services, by having the work done by fewer people and by increasing contributions from users.
   Mr President, over the past few days, I have received questions from other groups about the wording of Amendment 2, which was tabled by my group.
We also welcome the work of Ibrahim Gambari, as Special Envoy for Myanmar of the United Nations Secretary-General.
I can tell this House that Europe's future is largely dependent on successful coexistence between the cultures and religions within the European Union and between the European Union and our neighbours, first and foremost in the Arab and Islamic world.
It is up to the President to tell Mr Hallam whether he had the right to speak or not and he had one minute to speak and did so as he saw fit.
Portugal is losing out!
It is extremely disturbing that the Commission quite obviously does not want to impose penalties on Member States in the event of serious breaches of the Treaties.
This is therefore very much a tailpiece that should have its place.
Secondly, I would like to stress the importance of priorities.
People are dying there!
Corruption in itself is an abomination but organised crime always finds life easier in a corrupt society.
   – Mr President, today's debate clearly shows how the pressure exerted by Bush last summer is being fleshed out.
The aim is to ban animal testing for cosmetics within the EU and to make the use of alternative methods mandatory at the earliest opportunity while respecting our international commitments.
(In successive votes Parliament adopted the legislative resolutions.)
This work supports both our efforts on climate change and the creation of new jobs.
That allows him to continue protecting those who collaborated or committed murder and carried out torture.
Mr President, I see that I have already exceeded my speaking time.
These activities are covered by the Directive on environmental impact assessment and the Directive on Integrated Pollution Prevention and Control.
This is the context in which we must analyse the Commission' s proposals, which may be positive but fall far short of the needs of these outermost regions, as I have been able to confirm directly with bodies in Madeira and the Azores.
Under these circumstances, it is very important for the partnership agreement to be successful.
Ensuring stability and security within the Union also means defining and setting up an integrated border-control system and taking coordinated practical action to combat illegal immigration.
I do not actually think that this House should limit itself to telling our fellow-citizens, when the time has come – if I may use an expression of which Mr Giscard d'Estaing, the former President, is fond – what is the right choice to make, particularly given that such an injunction would probably have little effect on those who wonder what direction European integration is taking, and who, in one way or another, represent the majority of the EU’s citizens.
A number of speakers raised the question of the Union's response to the future of northern Iraq and the humanitarian situation of the Iraqi population.
Another point in my report is the need to gain an insight into what will be the future of Kosovo.
These poverty alleviation programmes facilitate the pursuance of dialogue with civil society and provide an appropriate political signal.
The Council has a clear remit which is currently authorized from previous Treaties.
This inquiry took several years, and the assessment was based on a complete set of data.
Those exist, it is true. But supporting the Rothley report will mean that the European Parliament shows itself to be both touchy and short-sighted.
We believe that cohesion policy should be safeguarded.
Ms Ek, it is remarkable to see your book of knowledge here in the Chamber.
Thank you, Mr Fabre-Aubrespy.
I would say this resolution makes sense if the Commissioner can reassure us during this debate on what is being asked.
Commissioner, I hope we can act speedily and that we can get something on the statute books to deal with the huge increase in ships for dismantling in 2010.
(FR) I am going to make my comment in French.
That is why I emphasise growth, the sort of inclusive sustainable growth which lies at the heart of the Europe 2020 strategy.
The Commission is, however, not as yet planning any form of global or European clean-up strategy.
I can, however, assure you that the Commission will do everything in its power to ensure that the working time directive is applied in full.
The second aspect - which in my view is even more important than reconstruction aid - is aid for the prevention of disasters.
One is the proposal to introduce some basic, binding competition standards within the World Trade Organisation. The other is the recent initiative to launch a global competition forum to provide a venue for world-level discussions among competition authorities.
The text passed today aims to confer on women in the European Union the right to 20 weeks' maternity leave, which is four weeks more than in France, where women currently have the right to 16 weeks' maternity leave.
This is usually not something we discuss when we talk about the climate.
If we had to evaluate critically and objectively the impact of the ‘raising the game’ exercise, one has to acknowledge that a few of these objectives have actually been achieved.
The report would focus on its original mandate, that of the health and safety of pregnant workers and those who have recently given birth.
Will users in the not too distant future be asked to pay for their electricity in advance, as is the case in Great Britain, and be forced to go without when their card runs out?
If, on the other hand, the Union's governments adopt at the Conference a constitutional treaty that closely resembles the draft Convention - we do not expect it to be exactly the one we have drawn up - and if this receives the approval of the European Parliament, it will occupy a central position in the great political debate that will take place in the European elections of June 2004.
At 6%, the EU's administrative costs are lower than quite a few of its Member States.
Small business organizations do have a role, and clearly they must have greater access and greater involvement, but not merely because small businesses wish to reject social legislation.
We felt obliged to hold a hearing as a result of the enormous disparity in opinions which had been expressed in committee and, at that hearing, I must acknowledge and point out that the majority of the members of the Committee on Legal Affairs were critical of the Commission's proposals.
Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, we are here today to discuss the outcome of the recent European Council in Barcelona.
The practice of individual opinions - and I am thinking of Professor Mieth's in the case of the patentability of biotechnological inventions - has offered vital answers to this problem, as it is a matter of clarifying political decisions and not standing in for the political decision-makers.
Unfortunately, there is currently a serious technical limitation to all the national and European protection mechanisms being developed.
It would interest me to know what exactly you are negotiating with Liechtenstein and what precisely you want to do to stop these crimes - and I say 'crimes' quite deliberately - in future.
From that point of view, the multilateral negotiation instigated at Doha in November 2001, within the WTO, is in line with this dual objective of opening up the markets, on the one hand, and rules and the integration of the southern countries, on the other, while guaranteeing the latter increased access to the northern countries according to the degree of preferential treatment.
We have to look at ways in which Europe can add value to research which otherwise might be going on or, for that matter, to initiate research which is not likely to take off.
There is voting at 5.30 p.m. and if some MEPs want to go home early ...
I find that approach interesting.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we did indeed experience some very tough negotiations, Mr Schwab, as opinions were very divided at the start of discussions.
Neither has happened, to the ultimate shame of the European Commission.
I guess that, when the number of the unemployed reaches 25 million in Europe, you will proudly stand here and say that our stimulus is now 5% of GDP.
This is all about establishing a level playing field and equal opportunities for all.
For that reason I would point out again that as far as third country imports are concerned, the associated states have committed themselves as part of the European Agreement to making their laws comply with those of the EU.
The EPP does however have a problem with one aspect of the proposal.
Thank you very much, Mr Pinheiro.
Through the sharing of literature, film, music and heritage, doors of understanding are opened and bridges between people are built.
First of all, concerning the reform of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), you are right. We need to rethink a certain number of rules and mechanisms; we need to try and strengthen cooperation between the WTO and the World Health Organisation (WHO), the International Labour Organisation (ILO), the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and other organisations in the UN family.
The agreement was that 1 800 OSCE observers should arrive to guarantee the peace.
This is also what I believe the role of the national parliaments with legislative powers within the Union should be.
in writing. - (LT) I support this resolution.
I therefore ask the Council and the Commission whether they consider that the preconditions for the recognition and direct financing of the Palestinian National Unity Government have been met.
Resolution on Northern Ireland
If we spend money to try to ensure that people eat our beef, we will save a great deal of money on storage and intervention in the longer term.
The balance between the institutions should not be altered in the case of such an important question.
Those who criticize are silenced.
In his reply to Mr Donnelly's question, Wim Duisenberg, the President of the European Central Bank, said that the members of the board of the European Central Bank receive a salary that is ten per cent greater than that of the Members of the Commission.
FIDES is thus indirectly supporting extremism in Hungary.
The proposal's negative impact on legitimate transactions on this occasion outweighs the suggested benefits against money laundering.
Costs related to the European Council and the President are estimated at EUR 23.5 million and will be met with savings from 2009, whereas costs associated with establishment of the External Action Service may exceed even the EUR 72 million which is currently in the budget reserve for 2010.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The danger that small, innovative businesses will lose out to the monopolies of the big ones will not go away, however.
It takes time and incurs costs for the individual.
Above all I object to the budget items concerning the celebration of the 40th anniversary of the signing of the Treaty of Rome but I am also against resources being earmarked for the campaign in favour of the implementation of EMU and given to the European Centre for Political Studies.
To use his three day absence on an official trip to Israel at the end of a phone and fax is a cheap alibi for a stab in the back by Mrs Klamt and Mrs Roure.
in writing. - (DE) In overall terms, the German Free Democratic Party (FDP) in the European Parliament supports the waste disposal directive.
It is noteworthy that it comes to us via the route of the Committee on Petitions, and it is to the credit of that committee that it manages to bring together opinions from across the spectrum of this House, through hearings and this report, to try to get a synthesised view.
I am, of course, familiar with the report drawn up by the chairman of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, Mr Cavada, after a hearing and a thorough debate precisely on our priorities regarding security, justice and freedom.
Is it not appalling that, so close to enlargement of the Union to include five hundred million people and over twenty Member States, we do not yet even have a coherent European migration and asylum policy although, every day, traffickers in human beings dump desperate people on our coasts and allow them to drown?
When this sort of thing happens the legislator should act to restore legal certainty.
Madam President, on behalf of our group, I would like to propose an oral amendment to the last sentence of Amendment 27.
There is justified concern - concern that the border control personnel will search everything from computers to MP3 players.
What we need is a democratic Zhou Enlai to arrange for a democratic opening up of his country.
There is no reason for complacency in this House, because indeed human rights can be violated everywhere, including Europe.
A breakthrough in this regard may perhaps lead to changes in other areas, however.
A crucial component of the directive is that it sets out as a goal not only gender equality as regards treatment of men and women, but also equality between the genders.
This is for two reasons.
This Parliament and the Commission, which have decided to remain silent for two years pending a miraculous initiative from Mrs Merkel, the European Council and the governments who have decided to snatch away the process of reform of the treaties from public opinion and national parliaments and to play the card of entanglement and confusion to save what could be saved.
However, because it is politically convenient, many people have forgotten that Bessarabia was illegally invaded by Stalin with the complicity of Hitler.
The Kurds, in particular, are complaining that, despite changes in legislation, they cannot discern any real improvements to the day-to-day situation, and, following a trial that was a mockery of justice, Leyla Zana is once again locked up together with her elected parliamentarian colleagues.
Mr President, I am very sorry that Commissioner Patten had to leave.
When the treaty concerning Sweden' s, and a number of other countries' , membership of the EU was signed in Corfu in June 1994, the European Council stated that the new Member States were at the forefront of open government and public access to documents and it welcomed the further stimulus that the new Member States could provide on these issues.
The Commission is also alarmed by the fact that the Beknazarov case appears to be just one in an increasingly long line of judicial proceedings against the government's political opponents.
Finally, I am surprised at how brief were the allusions made to the revision exercise scheduled to begin in 2008. This leads me to address the Commission directly: is the revision of the financial perspective a taboo subject?
Had anybody in authority been here, I would have asked for confirmation that the cost could be in the order of GBP 19 billion or EUR 28 million.
If the stalled UN talks are to be reactivated, both sides must demonstrate genuine willingness to resume their dialogue and to engage in substantive negotiations.
Mr Seppänen referred to the Nordic countries' point of view.
Where necessary, they should offer capital support to financial institutions threatened with bankruptcy.
The system until now of restricting Structural Funds support to the defined areas has not made it possible to make regulations about a specific target area for mountain regions.
At present, one in five people across the globe have no access to education or health care.
Nevertheless, surely it would be ludicrous to replace a dangerous substance with a less dangerous one.
For this reason, this report must be followed up by a framework directive that takes into account national practices.
I am delighted, Commissioner, that you share our positions on the extent of this phenomenon and on the need to combat it with every preventive and repressive measure in the host country and in the countries of origin.
For this reason, I am in favour of taking a realistic approach and making the best we can out of the Treaty that we have.
I think the dispute on this issue highlights the weakness of the current infringement procedures, and the manner in which political considerations as well as resource considerations can come into play on sensitive issues, which should be dealt with in accordance with the law rather than in accordance with political sensitivities.
setting emission targets for each country and then leaving it to those countries and the market to attain the targets in free competition
Let us change that.
However, special rules come into play in the case of a person who, during their last employment, was residing in a state other than in the state of insurance.
I recently had an interesting telephone conversation with Mr Barroso.
This proposal seeks to establish the three internationally recognized principles of cost-relatedness, transparency and nondiscrimination as the basis for charging for the use of airports in the Union and, naturally, I am glad that the Committee on Transport and Tourism shares these objectives.
In doing so, I tried to avoid creating a precedent, which I consider to be dangerous, and which would exclude all the old Member States from this and, in all probability, from additional uses of Union aid.
The previous 'catch-your-eye' opportunity was because there was no one else that wanted to catch the eye, so it seemed to be an opportunity.
President Bush is now convinced that more should be done to fight AIDS, as it affects women as well as men.
Our population policy is successful, our literacy campaigns are successful, and we do not wish to see those successes called into question.
(EL) Mr President, I should like to ask the President of the Commission and the President of the Council to somehow pay homage to the 50 and more anonymous Japanese workers who are working in the knowledge that they will die.
Current legislative provisions in this area are far too rigid and counter-productive on many occasions.
By means of this directive, we have, however, achieved recognition that vibrations - both hand and arm vibrations and whole body vibrations - constitute a health risk.
It is worth mentioning that we have checked his progress on occasion. In December 1996, Felipe González, our special envoy at the time, succeeded in making Milosevic admit that the elections had been fraudulent.
The common measure should after all lead, as I have said, to the speedy and unbureaucratic treatment of refugees.
The modern day Irish you see around you at home, and indeed around here today, are the result of this genetic soup of different European races.
Will the Commission undertake to bring forward a White Paper updating its 1994 communication in the light of technological change and developments in the industry?
It offsets the indebtedness into which the IMF has brought these countries.
in writing. (SV) We believe that the implementation of a policy within the EU designed to ensure the protection and welfare of animals is most certainly one of the responsibilities of a union of fundamental values.
I also thank him for the collaboration which we have had with him at all times in the work we have carried out.
Mr President, thanks to General Musharraf' s rule, the Pakistani population is jumping out of the frying pan into the fire.
In this speech he expressed his concern at the downturn in the economic cycle, but also emphatically criticised an inflexible and dogmatic enforcement of the Stability and Growth Pact regardless of changing circumstances and consequently called for adjustments and the introduction of more sophisticated criteria for implementing the Pact.
The European institutions are not state organisations but supernational authorities to whom a limited number of powers are delegated.
(Applause)
We will come back to this tomorrow in the context of Mr Bösch's report.
To vote, as matters stand, in favour of a regulation on minimum compensation for delays to passengers would be a big step to take.
The minutes of their deliberations record their conclusion that they could find no justification for a derogation for a Member State, and then they continue in the following terms:
I therefore believe that, in the current situation, the amendments in question militate against a European employment strategy.
One of the ways of attaining the Lisbon agenda objectives, in particular that of promoting economic growth, is to reduce cross-border administrative burdens and compliance costs in order to facilitate Community-wide activities by businesses.
This is why, Mr. President, finding the appropriate way to confront and halt the increase in this behaviour is such an important task for the European Union.
We have therefore given Parliament another opportunity to go further and have tabled an amendment proposing 20 as the threshold, well aware that actually this figure is absurd as well.
   I should just like to ask an additional question.
We must make an unambiguous commitment.
This can only be verified if clear objectives and performance indicators are established.
As the honourable Members know - particularly those in the Committee on Budgetary Control - each second of plenary session costs almost EUR 10.
Petrol and diesel quality - motor vehicle emissions
Experiments with liberal opening hours have sometimes shown that neither businesses, employees, nor consumers are willing to depart from tradition, and that there has been no increase at all in turnover, let alone the creation of any new jobs.
Ceaucescu almost seemed like a choirboy beside those who reign in North Korea, and some people want to make us believe, today, that the problem is merely one of drought, of shortage of food, whereas we are confronted by a crazy regime, which throws itself like the Pharaohs into projects in honour of Kim Il-Sung I, II and soon III.
Consequently, citizens will not be voting for the Commission President in the European elections, there will be no such mandate given and no participation for the national parliaments.
This is what we want to hear about, not the phasing-out of coal.
More than 300 000 people have fled from island to island due to aggression, especially from Muslim fundamentalists of the Laskar Jihad and disloyal sections of the Indonesian army and police.
Why did you then interrupt her and allow Mr de Vries to speak?
In fact, this is exactly what Russia does when allowing goods from the European Union to be imported into its territory.
This provision applies only to the Information Society services aspects of the directive.
‘No’ to the Constitutional Treaty!
Mr Gollnisch, you said you asked yourself why Algerians were coming to France in such large numbers.
(Applause)
It is up to the Commission to ensure that these provisions and the ensuing Community regulations are implemented, particularly Regulation No 3227/76 concerning the application of the provisions on Euratom safeguards.
By 2030, the ratio of working to non-working population will be 1 : 2.
A quick word about two sectors for which the current proposal does not contain an offer.
It really is a bit rich to urge others to dispose of their nuclear arms, while keeping quiet about one’s own deployment plans and the modernisation of one’s own nuclear arsenal!
We must therefore study the problem in greater depth and take protective action.
Many Members are listed, but they will not all be able to speak.
Mr President, the Environment Action Programme has galvanised Parliament into a high level of activity.
On behalf of the Alleanza Nazionale delegation, I am delighted at the successful outcome of one of the most controversial objectives of the Maastricht Treaty, but on this solemn day of celebration our real thanks go out to the people of Europe who have made great economic sacrifices to achieve an ideal that cannot and should not be just an economic one.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would first like to say that the political situation in the entire region we are discussing today by no means justifies complacency or even guarded optimism.
Today, the Danish Social Democrats have voted in favour of the report by Michael Tappin dealing with the Commission's Green Paper, covering the field of public sector procurement.
Just as it cannot or must not ignore or paper over important events that have happened recently which mark the way the situation in the country is evolving and clarify, if that were necessary, the real intentions of certain forces acting in the territory, especially UNITA under Jonas Savimbi.
More can be done within the EU too.
There is no denying, therefore, that this House's historical powers include the unquestionable right to draw European politicians' attention once more to what is happening in East Timor, and the vital need to solve this problem.
Unilateral war will split the UN; it will split the Atlantic Alliance; and it will throw Europe into crisis.
If anyone, ten years ago, had been bold enough to predict that the European Commission, in the person of its president Jacques Santer, would propose to the European Parliament on 16 July 1997 that negotiations on European Union membership should begin with Estonia, Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovenia and Cyprus, he would have been dismissed as a fantasist.
Proper application of the instruments that already exist may provide a framework for protecting them.
The PSE Group gives its unqualified support to a new trade round with a broad-based agenda aimed at economic and political reform.
This factory uses DEHP for devices that help control blood clotting.
Given that fact, it is important to enable European citizens to understand, analyse and assess the flood of information and images they receive, so that they can make the best possible use of them.
That is my first important point.
The reason for this must surely lie in the fact that legal training differs considerably from one Member State to the next and that differences have always existed between our various national laws and legal arrangements.
Ensuring that companies have easy access to information on requirements they have to comply with will contribute to this, as will the simplification of authorisation procedures.
I am just as keen on these issues and thank you for this opportunity.
Reducing inequality in terms of the use of modern technology is most probably this project's most important aim. But it would seem rather difficult to implement such an ambitious project as eEurope if it is not allocated its own financial resources.
Reducing poverty is one of the key targets of the Europe 2020 strategy, and there has been the desire to make these a reality through quantitative aims that are binding on the Member States. There is good reason for this too, since the results of efforts to reduce poverty over the last decade have been virtually non-existent.
Defining priorities also involves identifying what is no longer relevant to present-day concerns.
There is an urgent need for a proactive policy to maintain biodiversity.
Mr President, thank you very much. I was going to rise to congratulate Mr Crowley on this report.
It is our firm belief that responsible budget management also requires joint financial responsibility on the part of the participants in the project, and so we cannot accept the amendment.
Where we are all in agreement - although not with the Council - is on the subject of transparency in respect of the reporting obligation.
It was not contested in any way in the course of the recent ratification campaigns, which bodes well for this institution.
The debate is closed.
The deserted Chamber is, at this moment, the tragic symbol of our behaviour in this international crisis which is proving so terrible.
The directive on data protection lays down that personal data can only be forwarded to third countries if adequate protection is in place.
With the accession of Romania to the European Union in 2007, the borders of the European Union will extend as far as Moldova, so it is in our vital interests to invest the necessary time, energy and commitment in future negotiations.
It also urges the WHO to revise the definition of a pandemic, based on its geographical spread and severity.
The Council's reluctance to cooperate with Parliament as far as the discharge is concerned is extremely alarming.
Although it is laudable from an economic point of view to make structural changes in order to be more competitive and win market shares, this approach may be reprehensible if it is made at the request of financiers, often shareholders, with the sole unavowed aim of increasing the financial standing of the company in order to raise profits which they can then withdraw from the company.
Through informal and non-credited learning it can also be a very effective way of involving both adults and young people in the most disadvantaged areas, who are those most threatened by social exclusion and poverty but who often have very negative attitudes towards formal education and so are least likely to benefit from it.
The first EU country to introduce effective data protection was, interestingly enough, the country with the most far-reaching rules when it comes to openness and transparency.
For what purpose?
Therefore, I would ask you once again to clarify the Commission's attitude towards the Constitution.
The first reason is the call for the introduction of a type of EU tax.
We are counting, of course, on the Czech Presidency to take these initiatives forward.
It's a cruel and evil government'.
What we are demanding is a regulation, enforceable at law, which would once and for all make it impossible for European funds to be wasted so pointlessly.
More was discussed and more was agreed, and like my colleagues I can agree we need to raise this now to the agreed level of the 1997 Houston Joint Declaration.
We must give young people the opportunity to demonstrate active commitment by getting involved in public life.
Madam President, as a member of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, I would like to point out that use of this urgent parliamentary procedure in connection with a partner country such as Tunisia is inappropriate and counter-productive - a parliamentary dialogue should have taken place first.
In other words, Mr van Velzen, the main theme of your report is a plea for renewable energies, with a whole series of sympathetic measures, even if they are a little naive, like the green VAT, the CO2 tax.
Let me be clear - I am a great advocate of this.
I am grateful to the honourable Member.
(NL) Madam President, the Turkish Government has launched the democratic initiative to democratise the country and improve Kurdish cultural rights.
That also goes, of course, for his special representative.
Mr President, we all want to see the end of the 'banana war' , but the immense complexity of the problem deceives no one.
That is the really the reason why I would ask the Commissioner to pay special attention to a few amendments.
In response to Mr Hyland and Mrs Doyle, both of whom are concerned about the testing issue, I have taken note of what both of them have said in relation to this and I will make the appropriate inquiries.
It is absolutely right that we adopt changes to our Rules of Procedure so that we not only conform to the regulation on access to documents but can also begin to be held accountable by the citizens whom we purport to represent.
Question No 12 by Lennart Sacrédeus (H-0291/02):
We have seen evidence of that being possible.
Mr President, I would like to thank the Parliament for its excellent work on the Commission proposal as shown in the report of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism and the opinion of the Committee on Budgets.
I naturally find it annoying that we have not been able to increase the budget from EUR 9 million to EUR 11 million but, in line with other rapporteurs, I accepted that, if we wanted to conclude matters now, we should have to conclude with a figure of EUR 9 million for the appropriation for the next three years.
We now support the Lisbon Strategy, a strategy fundamentally based on these three pillars, which you have already mentioned here, but your words must be matched by action, by real EU policies; otherwise your social intentions will remain a dead letter.
In my country, for example, we have already been able to ban the use of motor vessels at local level in certain lakes which it has been seen especially justifiable to protect.
I respect this Parliament's decisions, but I must say quite frankly that if the reserve, which is due to be examined on about 24-25 June, is only released at the end of this month, we run the risk of having to stop the Frontex missions in the central Mediterranean and the Canaries owing to lack of funds.
In this perspective I strongly believe that comprehensive national cancer plans are more than welcome.
I suggest that we leave it as a contribution of the Committee on Women's Rights. A contribution which will not implicate Parliament as an instrument which we will be able to invoke, which will allow us to be freer in the forthcoming debate in Malta and which will not be binding upon this House.
For example, the resolution ends with an appeal for majority decisions at Council, rather than unanimity, in taxation matters.
Instead, the House engaged in ideological debates about Cuba.
This is done by setting ambitious objectives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by over 20% by 2020.
   Mr President, the Council, the Commission and the Committee of the Regions have reached agreements with the Spanish Government on the use of Spain’s co-official languages in their activities.
I would point out that the Framework Agreement is not an act of charity which opens our markets to Korea.
I have always spoken against the conspiracy of silence between the Commission and member countries.
Well, I was in Cork, at the conference organized by the European Commission on the future of rural policy.
Mr Barroso, the PPE Group has faith in you; it asks you to be bold, to reform.
The purpose of Mrs Theorin's question was to obtain an assurance that the Council agrees with the Commission and Parliament on the need to address this matter.
Although the state has now taken the first steps, which allow the entry of other rail transport operators onto the market, in reality, the political will for allowing real competition on the railways is lacking.
(DE) Mr President, there is a great deal of euphoria regarding Galileo.
We must now redefine the enlarged Union's external relations and we must give Europe a more significant role in the world.
The fish mortality rate can be regulated, as we know, in various ways; by limiting catches, the TAC and quotas, by limiting the effort and days spent at sea and by holding periodic closures; the model of exploitation can be also be regulated by technical measures, net sizes, minimum fish sizes and closed or restricted zones.
... not to mention the remarkable increase seen in other crops such as sesame.
(PL) Mr President, it so happens that we debated the report by Mr Groote only yesterday.
Protecting the interests of users in itself requires the existence of high-quality work, the promotion of creativity and, of course, support for the distribution of these works.
However, possession of an identity card may also be considered as a means of citizens' protection: it is proof of their entitlement to exercise a right.
We should not exclude this possibility, particularly if at the end of next year the Commission sanctions the much weaker case - to my mind - for Turkey's membership.
The Commission would welcome an audit approach which also looks at effectiveness or 'value for money'.
You make deadlines and then you postpone them, which makes it very difficult for us to take part in the delegation meetings.
And, since he does not wish to do so, we shall continue with the vote.
   Mr President, this is a worthwhile initiative, but we in the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats think it would be preferable to have a discussion with the Commission, within Parliament’s Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, so as to follow the usual procedures and give that committee the responsibility for dealing with this issue.
Just as we worked in the Committee on Fisheries, chaired by Mrs Fraga Estévez, I hope that we can now carry on with this work within the committee and, on a wider scale, with the Council and the European Commission, so that we can make progress towards the work for the legislative proposals, which will be just as intensive.
Why, then, has the word 'agency' been replaced by 'authority' , which causes confusion and appears to signify that this body plays an executive role, which should not be the case?
We need to consider what substances we are banning and what happens to them next.
Members have already left this Chamber because I have told them I could not deal with their question or I could not deal with supplementary questions.
We must, however, as Mr Berlusconi has done, pay attention to the living conditions of our citizens.
However, this cooperation cannot take the form of costly and ineffective financial operations such as we have seen in the past.
As I have said many times in this Chamber, under the European Arrest Warrant, extradition - or rather judicial surrender, to use the correct term - is now merely a bureaucratic formality.
Generally speaking, we can accept the majority of the amendments, making a few alterations here and there, but some of them, on the other hand, we are bound to reject.
A year and a half ago, Latvia experienced a crisis similar to the crisis that we are now experiencing in the rest of Europe; namely, the financial markets attacked our currency and had lost all confidence in it.
I agree entirely with Mr Olsson that we should all make the effort to avoid the proposals being watered down.
The contribution to this difficult battle at European level means, in fact, a desire to reintroduce the principle of Community preferences inscribed in the Treaty of Rome in 1957, but systematically sacrificed on the altar of free trade in the case of trade negotiations...
They also call for a general debate on the future of the cohesion policy after 2006, but that is another subject.
The institute will also develop appropriate methodological resources, aimed especially at incorporating a gender perspective into Community policies.
It is not always unemployment that causes poverty: in-work poverty is a problem as well.
The plant has valuable long-term contracts, which means that there should have been no difficulty in obtaining approval for the loan.
We voted in favour because we are on the side of those who are in need, those who devote their sweat and their brains to companies and who, ultimately, are victims of an unfair economic system and unchecked competition for profits, which have devastating social effects.
In other words, the ECB should make its activities more transparent in order to further increase its legitimacy.
The principle of harmonising the rules on expenditure for which VAT cannot be deducted in full is also a step in the right direction, but here we support the amendment tabled by the rapporteur, Mr Garosci.
The case for such a directive is clear.
We have to create the socio-economic preconditions for the citizens of the European Union to be able to assess and understand why political integration is necessary, why we, for example, wish to call the European Treaty a Constitution.
Secondly, should his immunity be lifted in such a way that he can face a German court.
Mr Gasòliba i Böhm's report has some interesting and thought-provoking aspects to it, but it has not freed itself from the strait-jacket of liberal thinking, the all-or-nothing approach of the financier, the monetarist, the theorist.
However, there is no room for complacency: the task is far from finished.
My second point concerns food.
Roman Giertych is considering the need to shut down this institution, which has been in existence since 1991 and which is an important institution in Poland responsible for drafting and implementing educational programmes based on humanist values.
We must await results on this point, but our signal and our debate today are a clear gesture to the Slovak people: thank you for the result you have achieved.
Six months on, it has to be acknowledged that the implementation of this recovery plan is almost non-existent, and I want to find out what is happening with these EUR 30 billion of recovery funds.
I acknowledge that Mrs Lulling sees things a bit differently in this respect, but I am reasonably confident that the future will show that her concern that Luxembourg's position as one of Europe's central investment fund centres could be damaged will prove to be unfounded, and that, on the contrary, this new UCITS directive could also provide opportunities for this financial centre.
The report treats as being on the same level what it terms " 'vertical' harassment (of a subordinate by a superior, or vice versa), peer-group ( 'horizontal') harassment or harassment of a mixed type".
Agriculture must therefore be central to the debate in Copenhagen, and I hope that the members of the Council and of the Commission will not forget this and will be our spokesmen in Copenhagen, in December.
In parenthesis I would add that this was long before the BSE crisis occurred.
At present there is Private Members’ Bill going through Westminster, calling for the UK to be freed from the directive I mentioned relating to food supplements.
Drawing on the recommendations of the Mombaur report from this House, we drafted a Green Paper on the issue which will soon be presented to this Parliament.
We have therefore proposed to the Commission that an appropriately staffed 'development unit' be set up to undertake continuous work in this area.
I hope that the Council's response will also be very positive.
(HU) The commemoration of 1956 has to remember the liberation experienced at the time, with its sense of elemental and pure joy.
I believe that this would also be a tribute to a day like today, which is so important: the Treaty of Lisbon has been ratified by the senate of the Czech Republic, so there is just one step left before this Treaty becomes a reality and, in fact, before this Treaty, which is the heir to the European Constitution, the best text produced by the EU to date, enters into force.
However, we have started to see that there are problems and that these may affect the health and safety of consumers.
Let me draw your attention specifically to the codecision rights under the Lisbon Treaty.
What do you plan to do about this?
This report certainly helps in that regard.
This is why agricultural producers have been asked to increase their production, especially of wheat and maize, and build up their food stocks again in 2012.
In view of these considerations, it would have been more appropriate to delay the decision on accession until the next progress report has been presented, instead of committing ourselves today.
Contemporary programmes that are far removed from moral standards and which exploit human weakness only serve to make people weak, defenceless slaves, especially to their sexual impulses and need for gratification.
Madam President, Mr Flynn, in businesses and factories in Europe there are often no instructions at all about how to handle explosive atmospheres, or at best they exist only in rudimentary form.
The number of those diagnosed with the infection is constantly growing in some neighbouring countries.
This makes international transport both more expensive and more complicated than domestic transport.
Mr President, Mr Seguro mentioned at the end of his contribution the terrible situation in El Salvador.
Bearing in mind these circumstances, along with fundamental values such as human rights, democracy, openness, clarity in calls for political responsibility and guarantees of cultural and linguistic equality within the EU, the Swedish Christian Democrats welcome Amendment 77 on clearly delimiting the EU' s political competencies.
I therefore call on the European Parliament to adopt this report, on the Commission to back it and on the Council – which is unfortunately absent, having clearly already made up its mind – to consider including this recommendation on the agenda for the meeting to be held in three days’ time.
In addition, the definition of environmental plans and programmes is broad and covers programmes of a strategic nature.
Madam President, on behalf of the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education and the Media, I would like to thank the Committee on Budgets on this occasion for the great work that they have achieved in securing ECU 70 million over two years for the Socrates programme.
It is certainly necessary to open up the market and improve competitiveness.
The Øresund bridge is a typical example of how you can try, using calculations which are not serious, to prove that there will be environmental benefits.
Many have asked why I am raising the issue of travel between Strasbourg and Brussels.
However, the subject of today's report is gender discrimination in health systems; in other words, in the ways and means of addressing all the terrible and frightening threats described to women's physical and mental health.
As I said earlier, there are always problems interpreting the directives of the European Commission both because they have a very general framework and because systems are very different from one country to another.
That, combined with the essential improvement of certain aspects of the internal situation in that country, in the area of minorities and democratic institutions, would round off the image of political maturity which FYROM has, in fact, presented in other respects and which has made our European family welcome closer relations with it.
It appears that nobody is immune to this particular strain.
Let me point out that the conciliation procedure agreed between the Austrian Presidency and Parliament has proved to be extremely successful and useful.
   Mr President, though this House, in self-congratulatory euphoria, will embrace this Constitution, thankfully the ultimate decision rests with the Member States.
The second project relates to violence against the elderly.
Finally, the use of sensitive data, such as data relating to political opinions, religious beliefs, health or sex life must, as a matter of principle, be prohibited, contrary to what is currently proposed in the framework decision.
in writing. - (LT) I endorsed this document, as the Committee responsible decided to approve the closure of the accounts of the European Environment Agency for the financial year 2009.
As regards subsidies, I have to say that, although air transport is subsidised to a certain extent, it is much less so than urban, rail, sea and all other types of transport.
However, I also agree with what President Van Rompuy said: without this position taken by the European Council, the decisions of the Security Council could not have been made.

(SK) There are not many people who would doubt the importance of the WTO but there is also almost no one who would be in doubt about the need to reform this organisation, whose main aim is to combat poverty and provide aid to developing countries.
The Commission also financed, for instance, President Ahtisaari’s peace negotiations using the rapid reaction mechanism.
Mr President, without any sense of parliamentary obligation, I shall begin by welcoming Peter Skinner and praise him for the quality and depth of his report which, in fact, obviates the need for me to make specific points on the subject, since he deals with them very well in his report.
The Baltic area is developing rapidly, and this applies to the three countries of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania - all three of them.
Our job as negotiators is to get an outcome that is balanced across the range of those negotiating subjects.
That might be the PIGS.
Imagine if Turkey joins the European Union: we can expect not just 72 million Turks to have automatic right of entry to European countries and Britain, but floods of refugees from places such as Iran and Iraq might cross the border into Turkey and then seek resettlement in Europe!
There is nothing therefore that is open-ended or vague about the report which I have had the honour to compile.
Written declarations included in the register (Rule 116): see Minutes
Let us hope that Finance Minister Salam Fayad can become one of the main spokesmen on matters of financial help to the people.
The opinions of the Presidency and the President of the Council are different.
I thank fellow Members once again for their cooperation.
We have to be realistic and bold in addressing these major structural issues.
In light of the importance of this issue and potential repercussions on the markets, the Presidency, as has been said, has made a commitment to fast-track it, in line with the European Council's wishes.
This is all I would like confirmed.
Finally, I should like to thank the Commission for the Eastern Partnership project, which it is going to propose to the Council.
This needs to be remedied.
There is an ecological aspect which we should continue to give priority to.
Allow me to speak openly here.
We must address the crisis by increasing cooperation and commitment in our immediate area.
The monopoly on making legislative proposals will rest with people who can no longer be elected.
That is clearly specified in the third directive, and the point is well taken by the MEP.
There are things that make us different, but they need not divide us if we can show tolerance, respect and understanding for them.
Perhaps it is simply a matter of ensuring that they are not accepted into the Union on reasonable terms?
The euro does provide protection against currency speculation but it offers no protection whatsoever from financial crises. We are involved in financial globalisation up to our necks.
In attempting to build agreement on these issues, we have to put our own house in order in Europe and secure the involvement of the different actors in civil society in implementing sustainable development and environmental education both at home and in the South.
That will set in place the conditions necessary for reaching our goals in the interim period before the entry into force of the Constitutional Treaty.
In the deluge of information available we need guidance and signposts, so that anyone can get the answer they require.
I would like to ask if there are any motions on these matters?
   We Swedish Social Democrats agree with large parts of the report but wish to point out our attitude towards a common tax policy.
Forest fires are not a serious problem in the Scandinavian countries either. Scandinavia also has a well organised environmental certification scheme, and it is well known that competitor countries such as Canada and the USA are exerting pressure to introduce common certification standards at a lower level than those currently in force in Scandinavia.
We found too that the candidate believes equally firmly that it is for the European Central Bank, acting quite independently, to guarantee the dogma of price stability without prejudice to its duty to work towards the other objectives contained in the Treaty.
2001 should be the year in which the euro takes over the key role of national currencies in setting prices, in company accounting and in cross-border transactions.
As the study needs to collate all the available knowledge on the subject, it is a complex task, and, as it has to do with the military sector, this has often not been easy.
Finally, I would like to deal with the equally important and comprehensive report by Mr Stockmann on the Commission communication on energy efficiency.
I would add that one in eleven people in the workforce in Ireland is employed in the agricultural sector.
I look forward to a strong Commission proposal next summer.
   Mr President, Commissioner, I wish to begin by thanking the rapporteurs for their constructive work.
We have simplified many things, provided legal certainty and presented a model of parliamentary work to the public.
Even if the Amsterdam Treaty, fortunately, has not involved any retrograde steps in economic policy, we nevertheless have to say that the key policy areas of business, employment, and fiscal and monetary policy lack bite.
This will probably lead to the worldwide application of the IMO forms.
The European Parliament henceforth has powers of codecision in relation to both trade policy and fisheries policy, and it fully intends to make its voice heard and to ensure that its point of view is respected in these matters.
The aim of this draft directive is to increase the confidence and protection of consumers in the purchases that they make in shops or on the Internet, and to reduce the reluctance of businesses to sell in other EU countries.
It is as much use as a plaster on a wooden leg.
In Mauritania, the average use of fishing opportunities ranges from 90% for crustaceans to a mere 22% for tuna.
The profound process of transformation that has been under way in Central and Eastern Europe since 1989 has had its impact on the rise of racism, xenophobia and antisemitism.
Madam President, I mentioned both the EU taxpayer and the British taxpayer in my speech.
This is an established European formula, is it not?
Despite the various proposals made by Members, the Commission's proposal has been deemed the most suitable for the intended purpose.
7.
It does not help to implement the Lisbon Strategy, and it does not help to solve demographic problems either.
The gaps are many and various: the low level of women's participation in information and communication technologies, the low level of entrepreneurship amongst women and their lack of representation in the decision-making process.
These are closely linked.
I too would gladly present them with Dutch new herring, Mr Van den Berg.
   – Generally speaking, there is no harm in comparing the 2006 ceiling, and the Community’s budget priorities, which stands at around 1.01% of Community GNI, with the 2005 figure, or with the proposals made by the Luxembourg and British Presidencies for the 2007-2013 Financial Framework.
I know what I am talking about.
There have been far too many scare stories and accidents across the EU involving blood and blood components.
This should be of particular concern.
In my opinion, scanners are a rather ineffective medicine, for which attempts are being made to find a suitable disease.
   . Mr President, I endorse every word that the Commissioner has said tonight as we commemorate this year’s World Health Day with the WHO’s chosen theme of the appalling shortage of health workers.
This constitutes a consistent reiteration of the priority of road safety, which had already been laid down in the 2001 White Paper on Transport.
Ironically, these fraudulent companies quote EU law in order to intimidate their targets further.
I propose therefore reiterating, as a Parliament, what we decided two months ago - in the Malliori report on the prevention and reduction of risks associated with drug dependence - and requesting that drugs be classified according to the scientific evidence of risk to human health.
Ethical considerations make life easier because they rule out certain choices from the start.
The services of Parliament have included this question in the third section, that is, the second question in the third section, although it was an explicit question for Mr Kinnock.
The problems with imported children's toys last year demonstrated that there is a clear need for action here and that it must be possible to hold importers liable to a greater extent for product safety.
This support for the public services cannot, however, take the form of support for an unofficial presidential administration that would set itself up more or less as an opposition force.
In my view, the Commission should, in the first instance, ensure, via the delegations and the Member States, that those countries adopt a sound price policy for agricultural products.
Communication of Council common positions: see Minutes
I note that too, Mrs Breyer.
In that country, especially, human rights should be respected, because they are often not respected in that continent.
A re-evaluation of the additives should therefore be carried out every ten years, taking account of new scientific information and research data.
Mr President, I should like to thank all those who took part in the debate for their comments and contributions.
We need clarification on that before we continue the talks on PNR.
What has happened to the nine scientific and technological research programmes?
As I myself read the proposal, however, it is a useful compromise in which Parliament has had a very large proportion of its wishes met.
In Denmark, violent racism is directed towards democracy and human rights.
The issue was brought up during the EU-Russia Summit in October following a letter sent by Mr Barroso to Mr Putin.
Mrs Olga Kazulin has also been detained.
(PL) Madam President, I am taking the floor once again on a very painful matter for Poles in Lithuania.
As we have said before, it is better to try to develop prevention measures as part of our security policy, but if prevention fails, then the Union must be in a position to carry out Petersberg missions, in other words peace enforcement and peacekeeping, on its own.
In this respect, I should like it if certain parties, which are in favour in this House of a more social Europe, gave their support within their governments to a European budget drawing greater inspiration from these very values.
It is important to remember this as we continue the debate.
They will, I know, work as well with our new, experienced EU representative Ambassador Vendrell as they did with his committed predecessor Ambassador Klaiber.
I welcome this report and strongly wish to see further improvements in the quality of bathing water and fully recognise the need to update the existing Directive which is now almost 30 years old.
For me, the important things are supervision and transparency.
It is in this context as well that the Committee on Budgets has drawn up a number of footnotes.
   Mr President, I want to concentrate on regional policy, which is a particular concern of mine.
In almost 90 % of the agricultural area in the EU, nitrate concentrations in groundwater exceed the guide value.
The EU is bound to be a global player, as you said, High Representative, but with seven per cent of the world's population and one fifth of GDP, it will be possible only on the basis of strengthened transatlantic cooperation based on common values.
I am talking about the total lack of basic consideration.
The decision to opt for Europe, therefore, is a considerable achievement and signals that Serbia has become a factor of stability in the region.
European consumers are making ever-tougher demands about food safety, product quality and production conditions.
The condemned are mainly poor people without any legal aid.
I do not believe that I am speaking just for myself; I consider rather that this Parliament has every reason not to trust the CIA.
A health and safety at work strategy for the EU should be strong on properly implementing and enforcing the existing regulatory framework.
This framework-programme will be able to be operational at the end of next year, which is when the Kaleidoscope and Ariane programmes come to an end.
Turning now to the content of amending budget 4, the original proposal provided for a reduction in the amount spent on co-operation with Latin America and Asia.
It is more important to make an effort in terms of supervision.
With 40 million Europeans in poverty who cannot manage to take care of themselves we may have a very serious clinical indication of the disease of euro-federalism.
It is dictated more by emotion than by real need, and could bring the economies of the world's leading industrialised nations to their knees.
These are important steps in that direction.
Rising budget deficits in Member States combined with growing debt are the primary macro-economic consequences of the crisis.
There is a particular freedom associated with the Internet - a freedom without physical or practical limits.
I know we are all concerned about the matters raised by the honourable Member.
This proposal is of considerable importance, not only for the average citizen in the street but also for the Community's environmental policy, because it provides for public participation in the drawing up of certain plans and programmes for the environment.
Completing this market implies the elimination of non-tariff barriers (para.
Finally, I criticized the Commission publicly yesterday in committee for not having sent us some information they promised.
The Commission wants to cooperate fully with the Parliament in this respect and to integrate any parliamentary delegation, if it so wishes, into the European Union election observation mission.
The introduction of alien species into Europe's coastal seas and inland waters is due, in a great many cases, to 'aquaculture and stocking practices'.
They are now being mobilised again against the leaders of Syria. The US Congress draws up a pre-emptive embargo against Syria, and then, hey presto!
- (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to congratulate the authors of this resolution and give them my support.
As this Parliament's rapporteur for Iceland, I would like to stress that this country has Arctic priorities compatible with the European Union.
This report aims at proposing solution for improving the operation of EU dialogue and consultations with third countries in the field of human rights.
(FR) With the agreement of the rapporteur, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance are prepared to delete Amendment 7, on condition that an oral amendment be added at the end of Amendment 13.
We requested the opportunity to meet the Sakharov Prize winner, of course, but we were refused outright, and what we find particularly disappointing, especially since this concerns the Sakharov Prize, is that we were unable, at a time when we are combating terrorism, to meet Leïla Zana.
Let us not forget that State aid for the construction of new vessels has been prohibited in the rest of the European Union since 2005.
I am asking you to reflect on this.
We are setting very high standards right across the EU, particularly where health is concerned, and quite rightly too.
Today more than ever it is essential that we opt for a bigger and better Europe, for a more political Europe with more European policies, for an enlarged federal political Union which is more democratic and efficient.
This Parliament must fully assume its new powers in these matters.
Mr President, I thank Mrs Read for giving such a good plug to my electronic newsletter.
I have been involved in policy towards the country of Belarus for 12 years and I can only say that in that time the Commission has never behaved as she did.
The next item is Question Time (B6-0161/2008).
It is important, within the framework of various programmes, for these countries to be able to exchange experiences with EU Member States which themselves have recently undergone political and economic transformations.
Furthermore, Mr Harbour agreed to include it as the third paragraph of the conclusions of the Working Group on the internal market and innovation at last week's meeting.
If I wished to make a point about the resolution, it would be this: the three countries - Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia - perhaps should not always be treated like Siamese triplets: their recent histories differ, their problems differ and their efforts to build a genuinely democratic system differ.
In calculating pensions, account must be taken of periods of inactivity in the life of a working woman, due to pregnancy and looking after small children.
The European Parliament should speak for the ordinary citizens of the European Union.
Report (A5-0084/1999) by Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, on the decision on the verification of credential following the fifth direct elections to the European Parliament on 10-13 June 1999
The Council itself has already answered this question.
The tragic escalation of social, religious and ethical tensions and civil wars, cause States to break-up and individuals to despair.
Mr President, Commissioner Solbes Mira - who has previously been a Minister for Fisheries and is therefore not insensitive to this debate, despite not currently being responsible for the sector - I wish to address my first words of congratulation to Mr Martin, who has proved once again that he is an excellent MEP by producing this magnificent report, which is entirely appropriate to the current situation.
ESMA will be able to exercise supervision - I am thinking here of requests for information and the power to carry out spot checks - and if it notices that a credit rating agency is committing a violation, it will have to take the measures necessary to force the agency to put a stop to that violation.
This is positive but it does not go far enough.
We need to increase the transparency of the justice system and improve people’s perception of the working methods of judges, who sometimes suffer from a lack of credibility and trust.
There is one notable exception: restitutions of churches.
As part of that process you have worked to make the Commission's relationship with this House open, productive and respectful.
In other words we need codecision, particularly as all of the new substance of this regulation is related to the internal market.
The President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Haarder, stated that this will affect our processes and decisions.
Mr Mandelson said that ‘the EU is the most open economy in the world’.
We look forward with confidence to a very successful and very effective six months.
We asking that commercial or industrial exploitation of human embryos be banned.
I believe that other measures are necessary for that purpose, such as the administration of justice by the courts in the Member States, which are in a position to combat corruption effectively.
The issue is rather a complex one.
Science and research must find new uses for wood. For example, using grass to make chemical pulp would mean more wood for other purposes.
Such vulnerable groups include migrant workers, who are often exploited, as well as young and ageing workers, who need special attention, and those with disabilities.
This means that we must call on the Commission not to authorise the use of thrombin.
Time is not on our side.
That is why I hope that the close of this debate will also see an end to the argument based on a division between old and new countries, because there has never been such a division.
The first of these is the composition of the Governing Board, and the second is the procedure for appointing the Director of the Foundation.
   – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, one day the European Union will simply have to decide where its borders are.
There is no evidence that the problems with it, such as they are, would warrant a large intrusion into the domestic tax arrangements as contemplated by this Commission communication.
The socialist UK Prime Minister, Gordon Brown, refused to acknowledge certain realities for a long time.
I commend that compromise to the House and I remain convinced that, if it is adopted and if one or two other minor problems are sorted out with this report, we will find it possible to obtain the very broad majority which I am sure we are capable of getting for this report and which we should indeed aim for as a parliament.
Order of business
Has the UN considered this?
The political parties and the popular movements in Turkey must be allowed to operate as freely as parties and movements in the rest of Europe.
In conclusion, and on reflection, I give the ombudsman 9 out of 10 for his first report, but I have to say I reduce the score for his pamphlet to 1 out of 10 and plead with somebody to make that more attractive so that the citizens know that they have the ombudsman and Parliament on their side.
The scope of offences involving discrimination should also be very clearly delineated; there must be racist or xenophobic intent and the offence must be threatening, abusive or insulting in nature.
We should have given Mr Bangemann a lot more scope to include this as a main point in the Agenda, in the interest of our countries, in the interest of research, etcetera. I think this little report lacks ambition.
Tunnels offer more options for rail traffic, but here too, escape routes are required.
There always will be two views and Mr Susta is absolutely right: there is always a split between the protectionist and the free marketeer.
I would like to thank you very much for your constructive support today.
In other words it was a case of a new creation as far as the assessment of the product's safety was concerned.
Come back to Brussels and tell your colleagues what you have seen and heard.
In these areas, too, the EU's budget is thoroughly negligible.
The EU side placed considerable emphasis, as Mr Barroso in particular knows, on the importance of the respect for democracy and human rights, notably in the run-up to elections.
I thank the Commissioner.
It is important nevertheless, given some of the incapacities and deficiencies that exist in the world market, that we maintain the position adopted at the Uruguay Round. This is in order to give us an even playing field across the world market, in terms of the cultural industry.
If we compare the past with the current complex programme, we can see the hard work that has been done.
Existing differences are to be removed, with the more generous countries staying on the same course and the others making the necessary changes.
(The President cut off the speaker)
When is it that one country can stop every other country from moving forward?
The minimum amounts in the proposals are minimum amounts, 35% of which must be spent on basic education and basic health care.
You know, Mr President, that transgenic varieties are not well thought of within the European Union and that we are therefore on the verge of a probably very heated conflict between expert opinion and public opinion on the subject.
What ought therefore to happen?
But over the last decade the car industry has been assailed by very many additional rules, regulations and burdens from this place.
In this case, the most important aspects of discussions should be the following: the scope of EU cohesion policy, the validity of objectives, the link with the 2020 strategy and opportunities for implementing EU cohesion policy and simplifying its procedures.
It fosters personal development and self-esteem, and that is at least as important as specialist, vocational and business skills training.
The report by Mr Ford which is now before the House deals with racism and xenophobia, and I ask myself whether this kind of human rights violation is the cause of lack of respect for people, or the effect of it.
The challenges of our time cannot be tackled if we keep to the old methods.
The debate is closed.
I believe that, in the course of the last few months, only one additional country has come on board.
In other words, we are not satisfied with the way in which a number of proposals on this agenda are being dealt with at the moment, and I would like to list a few examples.
How can we assure the positive impact that we are aiming for?
However, he is not the one responsible for this; it is those who, in the last few years, have pursued a policy of maximum deregulation who are responsible.
For if we cannot work out a clear position at first reading stage, the Council then has the last word.
You rightly said that some developing countries are not enthusiastic, but not all of them!
Consequently, the various discussions concerning global taxes and various kinds of Tobin tax are only meaningful if they can actually be realised globally, and at the moment that is not the case.
Explanations of vote
   . Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I will start by congratulating the rapporteur on his report’s strong points, for example, the replacement of American and British troops by UN security troops, which will, in time, improve the security situation to a vast degree.
The priorities of the new presidency are for some a routine question. The dossiers left by their predecessors or those honourably passed on from one European Council to another are merely taken over.
Well, this has now been done.
(NL) Contrary to my usual custom, I will begin with a political statement, as I find tax evasion and avoidance, in these times of increasing unemployment and increasing pay inequality, a real scandal.
It will depend on that common vision whether we can support such a chamber.
Besides, it is no matter of chance that islands, with very few exceptions, number among the European Union's most poor areas, as emerges clearly from a series of reports by the European Commission, from your own reports, Commissioner.
We now have the opportunity with the applicant countries to do something that for all too long was unthinkable.
Is it visible?
Indeed, I am firmly convinced of the need to have even more Europe and even more ‘Union’ in Europe.
There is nothing in economic theory, or in empirical reality, to support such an assertion.
Secondly, strong opposition should be mounted to the solutions proposed in the report whereby the EU, as part of the WTO negotiations, should unilaterally reduce agricultural payments and subsidies in order to obtain, as it is put, a reward in the form of additional profits from the trade in services.
By transferring genes, one is in fact transgressing the species barrier and upsetting the equilibrium of the genome, without knowing how nature is going to react.
We will not go against what we hope will be the conscious will of sovereign peoples.
The Council and Commission must take precise, transparent action, adopting measures which will guarantee the safety and security of oil extraction operations, as well as a high level of environmental protection and ecological disaster prevention in the European Union.
Madam President, I am very confident that Mr Barroso will tomorrow secure another five-year mandate as the next president of the Commission.
Mr President, can I say that everyone in the Chamber this evening knows that the reason why this money is being held back in the system.
Apart from anything else, we need to adopt a common approach.
We must also ensure an improvement in public health through the provision of correct information.
We know from the interim versions of the Commission's document that in an initial phase, within the EUR 1.24 billion, EUR 150 million was for the east and all the rest was for the south.
First of all, Italy blocked the imposition of sanctions, then France recognised the transitional council in Benghazi without any consultation and, finally, Germany abstained during the vote on the resolution in the UN Security Council.
But it will only continue to be credible if the two Council of Europe envoys really can work independently and move freely and independently around the country.
I am sure that a great many of the Members have listened to your speech from their office.
The major practical problem was that of protecting designs of spare parts used in repairs, which created difficulties for many industrial sectors.
The Structural Funds – in particular the Social Fund, which supports the implementation of the employment strategy in Member States, and the Regional Fund – finance measures aimed at reconciling work in family life.
‘Wonderful’ is all I can say to that!
They cannot compete with Europe's underpriced exports.
I wish him well and look forward to working with him closely in that challenge.
According to the 2007 South-West Observatory Report for the south-western counties in England, the region's population has been increasing rapidly, entirely because of migration.
With regard to the debate on the borders of Europe, you have spoken of the spirit and soul - I believe in lay terms - for all Europeans.
A strict interpretation of the term by Member States, in so far as one is technically possible, could not only signify an end to furniture production, but could also pose a threat to the production of hand-crafted work.
In particular, the Commission has supported the development of the evidence base on which policy measures can be built, sponsoring a number of studies around this problem.
It still remains to be seen how far the agreement on legal bases will take us.
Time is short and we are fully aware of the need to launch preparations without delay in order to meet the deadline of 1 July 2003, when Lithuania will introduce the new regime for Russian rail travellers crossing its territory.
In this field we should be promoting and carrying out more public research with the aim of achieving genuinely alternative energy that responds to the people's needs and to the demands of a sustainable development policy for our society.
Amongst other aspects, I value the request to establish an immediate moratorium preventing further use of explosive fragmentation devices and ammunition containing depleted uranium (and other warheads containing uranium), with a view to banning them outright once a study has been undertaken.
Yet that could be precisely the problem.
I voted in favour of this resolution because the European Parliament welcomes the changes brought about by the Treaty of Lisbon, allowing more flexibility in EIB financing, including: equity participations as a complement to the ordinary activities of the Bank; the possibility to establish subsidiaries and other entities, in order to regulate the so-called special activities and to provide wider technical assistance services; and the strengthening of the Audit Committee.
Therefore, I endorse the resolution of the European Parliament on preventing trafficking in human beings.
1.
   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like at the outset to reiterate my thanks to my fellow-members of the Committee for their constructive cooperation, but would also like to thank the Temporary Committee on the Financial Perspective, which has played a substantial part in ensuring, not only that PROGRESS is now a good instrument for the better implementation of the social policy agenda, but also that we will have enough money to be able to really ensure greater sustainability.
Madam President, I propose inserting an oral amendment in the text before us because, otherwise, it does not make sense for the parts removed include the introduction.
Failing to respect the results of the referenda in the Member States, Parliament is proposing guidelines for the Agency’s role and tasks, as if the Constitution had already entered into force.
Fourthly, I would like to call on the Council to end the Eurostat blockade.
You tell us, Mr Santer, that it could not be known at the time how dangerous this BSE disease was.
I would not like to see the situation where the new statute introduced a factor of discrimination where consumers were concerned that if you were not big enough to consider it worth being a European private company, you are not big enough to do business in Europe.
This approach should be translated into clear objectives, incisive measures and appropriate action, the results of which can be assessed objectively.
John Cushnahan spoke about Bismarck.
The pipelines should not compete with each other; rather, the construction of each new pipeline is a win-win situation, as is the construction of LNG terminals.
(The House rose and observed a minute's silence)
But that is the prerogative of the Bureau.
Before that, however, I would like to offer my profound gratitude to all the rapporteurs of the committees involved and the general rapporteur, Mr Mulder.
I back the aims of the Commission in their plans for regional funding after the EU takes in new member countries from the East.
In our view, the report will lead to restrictions on competition in the social and tax fields, and to a loss of Member State sovereignty over these areas.
The warning in the long term for us all is that if we have instability and monetary disunity, then the likelihood is that there will be significant inflationary consequences in the short, medium and long term.
We have recently signed a strategic partnership with Brazil, which should lead to the initiation of a first joint action plan by the end of this year.
In fact, had it not been for the announcement of the joint Franco-German decision to postpone setting a deadline for the full liberalisation of the energy market until there is greater mastery of all the consequences and all the effects, the summit would certainly have been overlooked by the newspapers and TV.
Laughter
Back in 2008, Parliament urged the Council and the Council Presidency to draw up a strategic plan that would provide for and implement aid for that region, so as to give it the input it desperately needs to be able to enjoy a strong economy independent of other funding sources.
(For results and other details of the vote: see Minutes)
Various 'citizens' initiatives' cannot hide the reactionary face of the EU, nor will they be able to reverse the escalation in the class struggle and grassroots fight.
In particular we need to ensure a framework that removes the risk of social dumping, has a broad coverage – but does not necessarily cover healthcare or services of general interest – and addresses genuine concerns about the operation of the country of origin principle.
As it has not acted so far, this means that this is not currently a Community issue.
You will not find anybody in this House prepared to defend this removal, you do not do so and the Commission in no way does so, I would say again.
(CS) I am convinced that the question we must ask today is no longer whether to recognise Kosovo or not: the question is how to maintain political stability and security in a region dominated by ethnic hatred and fear and 40% unemployment.
I must make it clear to Mrs Doyle that the 36%, 45%, 55%, that Mr Franz Fischler and I have now put forward with the agreement of the Council, follow from reforms already adopted. They do not compromise the eventual outcome of other reforms in any way.
We can always have more ambition, but the European Union is leading the fight against climate change in the world.
We also need to fund a strategic programme on energy technology.
We shall now proceed with the debate on the report by Mr Elles.
With enlargement, the European Union has clearly announced to all candidate countries that respect for democracy, the law, human rights and minorities is a basic accession criterion.
This relates mainly to the quantitative aspect.
I believe the budgetary increase which has been made is justified within this new Community policy, and will prove to be to the advantage both of the people of the African countries and the people of the EU itself, and of the preservation of fisheries resources in general.
This crisis, one among many, one too many, will, we hope, be the long-awaited spark that will fire the creation of a social Europe.
I therefore support this report.
I am glad to say that the three reports before us do not fall into this trap and I particularly welcome the contributions of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, which tabled amendments improving the proposal.
The first consists of producing a response to terrorism, from the point of view of creating an area of freedom, security and justice.
At that time, the Commission promised that liability for environmental damage caused by GMOs would be covered by horizontal legislation, but we have been waiting for more than 10 years for that promise to be fulfilled.
We must do more in this respect, because this concerns not only Iran but other countries too.
I agree that the Turkish garrison in Northern Cyprus should be much reduced.
Not until 1945, after the defeat of Germany and Japan in the Second World War, were war criminals from those countries convicted by the victors.
This resolution is a good illustration of Parliament trying to gain the upper hand, and the Council, quite rightly, refuses to support it.
A knowledge-based Europe is a multilingual Europe, the development of an original system of movement between universities, a vision of the organisation of the academic Community as a network: these are the innovative elements.
However, I should like to add one more observation in this connection. Further European cooperation in the gathering of intelligence, which is also significant to the EU in terms of its position within the confederate framework of NATO, will force the British government to make a fundamental choice: either it continues to favour transatlantic cooperation or it becomes fully involved in cooperation at European level.
If we cannot get the Member States to support that, I would ask that we allow the regions and local authorities which wish to participate to come directly to the Commissioner in Brussels and get actively involved in those pacts.
For all these reasons, Mr Schulz, I hope that you will support this amendment.
That nuclear installation on the west coast of Britain, far from the cosy seat of power in London, has been and remains a cause of serious concern to Irish citizens.
Secondly, does she accept that, at some stage, a judgment has to be made as to whether the Palestinian and Israeli investigations in relation to the Goldstone report meet international standards, with a deliberation on the possible referral to the International Criminal Court if they do not? Thirdly, will the EU lodge an objection to Pakistan's reservation on Article 40 - the obligation to report - of the International Covenant of Civil and Political Rights?
This is a kind of disease. If it is not treated in time, it will result in far more serious diseases.
I therefore call on all colleagues in my Group, as in your Group and all the other Groups, to try to calm the situation down instead of aggravating it by statements designed for media effect, which is what I think they are.
I do, however, agree with all those who said that it depends very much on the Member States taking these checks really seriously and extending the opportunities for market surveillance.
The report made it very clear that both sides were responsible for the escalation to the conflict that finally took place in August 2008.
This would provide a margin for the reallocation of funds.
One possibility is a reduction in VAT on energy-efficient equipment on the market.
There has been no sign of anything in Hong Kong other than the continuing vitality of the Christian churches.
If a farmer, his son or his daughter has an opportunity or an idea to develop their farm or to diversify, they should be encouraged to do so and to expand and not be forced into the nearest town or village.
The bilateral diplomatic efforts to protect foreign aid workers, which have been made by diplomats from Germany, the United States and Australia from Islamabad, have not yet had any tangible results.
In Iran the death penalty applies in cases of blasphemy, apostasy, adultery and prostitution, amongst others.
This must be counteracted by minimum standards in European companies.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have pleasure in addressing this Chamber regarding a matter of extreme importance for the European Union, which is the matter of relations with Turkey and, more specifically, the democratisation of Turkey, which seems to be the main objective of the debate, a matter directly related to the Union, not just indirectly, but also directly, bearing in mind that Turkey is a candidate country.
'When my chickens continued to lay eggs, I was formally in breach of the law?, according to a white farmer in Zimbabwe. This neatly, and tragicomically, sums up the criminal madness of President Mugabe's land appropriations policy.
The CAP features in passing in this report, but there is no mention of the destructive effect of the imposition of that policy in my country.
In 2005, we shall move to a new report on the monitoring of the systems, while the Social Protection Committee will examine the contribution of social systems to the extension of working life.
There is no shortcut to democracy, not even when it comes to establishing European parties.
Mrs Hedegaard's people have not yet decided. I hope that they will set more ambitious objectives.
This is the only way to take a step forward and to support those holding out in October Square.
This is particularly the case for cancer research, which, as has been explained, is now the subject of a specific measure, which has been granted considerable resources.
Fourthly, my group opposes the fact that the wider topic of the duty of consultation, with regard to the transport of all dangerous substances, is addressed in this report.
Mr Scarbonchi's report identifies an adequate range of options to safeguard this control without inflicting any damage on the ACP countries, because special consideration must undoubtedly be given to ensuring that no ACP country is put at a disadvantage.
I have listed a few examples simply in order to inform the House that we shall be tabling a number of amendments to improve on the text.
Clearly, this is inconsistent.
I was invited there for a big conference, and we are starting to come closer in our positions, so I believe that if we do our work properly, making sure, in a very open and sincere manner, what we are targeting with collective redress, we will finally reach a common solution.
In this, the completion of the internal market as the engine of development will be crucial.
Yes, they are.
China's determination to play a more important role in the international arena must be accompanied by new responsibilities in the field of human rights, in the social sphere and in relation to environmental protection.
When you speak about greening it means different things to different people in different countries, including how it is applied.
It would be reduced from 400 mg/l to 350 mg/l. mg/l. Mrs Ferreira's proposal is more ambitious, and I believe that she is right.
It is certainly acceptable for the EU to coordinate decision-making on certain issues, but we believe it would be misguided to make the EU responsible for taking supranational decisions on all social legislation.
Our problem is that we totally lack the political courage to effect the sea change that was discussed in March in our energy and resource policies.
Mr President, what happened just now is completely unacceptable. This is not a trade union meeting, this is a parliament!
It is thus our hope that we will be able to make decisions in May.
The millions mentioned here are far below the amount needed to compensate producers for the falling prices that they have been suffering.
'Terrorism and organised crime' are being used by the European Parliament once again as the necessary pretext, in order to provide a more stable foundation for yet another means of restricting rights and freedoms, to be used against the grass-roots struggle and against all those fighting and contesting imperialism and the exploitative capitalist system.
The period of 14 days which I see the PPE Group is suggesting seems to me to get the balance right.
The rapporteur has informed me that the Commission would not accept amendments on this essential issue, so the chances of standard systems of embalming being introduced are zero.
A penny saved is a penny gained.
The other question I would like to ask the Council is whether it agrees that this system should be administrated by the Commission, in which case the Commission should be provided with adequate staff and resources.
Question No 43 by Maj Theorin (H-1000/96)
The only way to establish security is to address the underlying causes of the violent attacks by some sections of the Iraqi population.
My second question concerns the Euratom Treaty.
We know transport is one of the areas where CO2 emissions must be reduced, and it is my hope that the revision of this directive can be signed off as soon as possible so that it can be implemented by 2010 as a support for environmentally conscious local authorities and public bodies.
The competition encouraged tourist regions in Europe to demonstrate their achievements in certain areas and three years of experience have shown that we have outstanding tourism products in almost every aspect all over Europe.
Mr President, this draft recommendation marks the end of a political and institutional process which began 10 or so years ago under the auspices of the then President of the Commission, Jacques Delors, who, as far back as the early 1990s, predicted the entry of the Swiss Confederation into the then common economic area.
I congratulate Mr Kirkhope on his report.
Mr President, let me quote the evidence the British Ambassador in Uzbekistan, Mr Craig Murray, gave to the temporary committee of the European Parliament: 'I have seen plenty of evidence of torture in Uzbekistan.
On the contrary, the fact is that China’s economic progress is partly based upon its systematically denying its own workers their most basic rights.
This brave vision must be expanded to include even more justice.
The conclusion on this is that it is difficult for the moment to see any acceptable reason why the regulation on passenger traffic should be amended.
However, I have to remind you first of all that we do not propose harmonisation of national health assistance - this is not the intention.
To this I give my full support.
As a matter of fact, as the rapporteur points out:
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would also like to thank the Commissioner for her analysis, but I would like to stress how, in some productive sectors, there is now a crisis jeopardising agriculture in some areas of our great Europe.
I congratulate Commissioner Andor.
If the Council adopts the recommendations of the Commission, the number of countries which are no longer in a situation of excessive deficit will be brought to five.
I am voting in favour of the report because of the huge criticism of the way in which Lithuania has been treated.
The East of England is crying out for improvements in both passenger and freight capacity and greater use should be made of opportunities for TEN funding for the lines serving east coast ports.
Finally, there is the question of development of the rural economy and protection of the rural environment including multifunctional agriculture.
That is why this report, which is well documented and rigorous, provides a highly encouraging response and sends out a strong signal to the working environment.
In point (f), Parliament calls for Commissioners' declarations of their financial interests to be transparent and publicly available.
The equation is a very simple one: if it were possible to put every small and medium-sized enterprise in a position to take on just one employee, we should have resolved the number one problem of the European Union, that is the revitalization of the job market.
In 2008, we expect to see a number of Member States joining the Schengen area.
I therefore want primarily to set out the concerns behind the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development's amendments to this report by Mr Färm, whom I will take this opportunity of warmly thanking for his work.
It is for that reason that the Council and the Member States, who do not want the European Parliament to be strengthened, oppose the Statute.
The police stand by laughing at the brutal scenes of intimidation and even murder of honest citizens.
All available instruments should be used to achieve this aim.
Our group is therefore in favour of the report.
In this context, I would also draw your attention to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction, the EMCDDA.
   Mr President, the negative spiral of violence in the Middle East does not seem to be going into reverse, and plunged to another depth last week, when the hatred-sowing Hamas leader Yassin was cold-bloodedly murdered at the behest of the Israeli Prime Minister Sharon.
If it were to charge 2%, it is only EUR 20 million.
Nothing could have been achieved without this preliminary framework.
Lastly, Mr President - and with this I will end - it is symbolic that Parliament is approving this directive on the eve of the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the declaration by Robert Schuman, in which he stated that Europe would not be created in an instant but through achieving specific objectives which would create genuine solidarity between citizens and businesses.
Such principles are universal, and should be applied equally in relation to all countries, inside and outside the EU.
Question No 7 by Esko Olavi Seppänen (H-0542/00):
Mr President, the principle of additionality exists in order to ensure that transfers to the Member States under the Structural Funds add to, rather than replace, national expenditures on structural development measures.
I hear talk of two billion dollars.
Secondly, internationally, the European Union has an interest in encouraging more active and responsible international engagement by China.
   Madam President, I should like to join my colleagues in congratulating Mrs Lambert on her tremendous work on what was a very difficult brief.
I realise the importance of adopting this Directive.
This has also emerged clearly in the course of the debate.
The protracted and sustained rise of global commodities presents further difficulties for the European economy, with the price of oil, steel, minerals and basic agricultural products all rising to unprecedented levels, adding to inflationary pressure.
There is much more I could mention, but suffice it to say that I shall not be voting for this text, which is one-sided, in some parts strident and in any case muddled.
I count on your support for this very important endeavour.
I would just like to say that it was a huge privilege for me to be involved in Parliament's team in what I regard as a hugely impressive piece of work on behalf of Europe's citizens.
But it is obviously true that the NRP exercise is crucial and that the Commission is pursuing it very seriously in the context of Europe 2020.
I am referring particularly to the points on vocational training and the link between training processes and the needs of the job market.
While we must hold to our commitments as regards financial aid, the Colombian Government must also abide by those it has made, particularly those relating to respect for human rights, which it made to the United Nations High Commissioner responsible for these matters.
It is something I am concerned about and am seeking to address by making sure that there are clear guidelines, as you suggest, so you and I are fully in agreement on that point.
In this respect too, I have to conclude that we do not really want to solve the problem but only to rid ourselves of it.
(FI) Mr President, I would like to give a brief explanation of why I abstained.
It is within this framework that you will manage to strengthen the mutual confidence between governments which is needed if progress is to be made in this direction.
As a result of this, we have proposed an extension of the deadline beyond 31 December 1996, together with - and this is very important - a gradual liberalization, a gradual phasing-out, of current restrictions.
We also note that it cannot be funded without a revision of the Financial Perspective or a reduction of other appropriations under heading 3.
Comitology is one of the key instruments for managing this process.
We in Europe are entitled to be culturally different in our diet.
This excludes China, as it will not provide transparency on the issue.
The joint resolution demonstrates that the European Parliament is politically mature, capable of reaching political agreement based on a broad consensus, and sending a clear signal to the Ukrainian people.
Parliament decided by a large majority, following a passionate debate in February in Brussels, not to subscribe to these sanctions and today, with such a small minority, with so few present, we are subscribing to these sanctions.
On behalf of Parliament I want to express our condolences to all those who are suffering the consequences of these barbaric acts.
It is important that they be safer when they take their breaks.
I should like to thank Mr Andersson, who drafted the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
We know that we are a long way from achieving these objectives, as the European Environment Agency has confirmed. Not only will major efforts be required, but also a very specific timetable, which must be practicable and verifiable.
I regret, however, that this initiative does not sufficiently reflect what is actually happening in the labour market and overlooks the importance of vocational training, focusing, instead, mainly on academic training.
I think it important not simply to dismiss this view, which only six out of twenty-five countries are said to have supported, for the countries concerned are those that make major net contributions.
Signals should be sent to the Iraqi Government of the importance of continuing the talks and of reaching an agreement with the United Nations that allows the improvement of the economic and humanitarian situation in Iraq, while at the same time respecting the various UN resolutions on Iraq, particularly on the question of weapons of mass destruction.
This does not mean that these sectors and Member States are in a better situation, or even in the same situation as they were 30 years ago, but rather they are dragging the more dynamic sectors towards a dead end.
Finally, Mr President, I would like to refer to the need, which has also been raised by some speakers, for specific timetables to be established in Barcelona.
If we are considering safety in shipping, then we can see that a striking number of accidents occur involving bulk carriers.
At Mr Sterckx's instigation a majority of the House has markedly shifted the emphasis elsewhere.
(DE) Mr President, experts agree that the trend towards flight from the land will intensify still further over coming years, and the high death rate among farmers is a factor in that.
Protectionism, which for 20 years has been called support for the Third World, has yielded no results.
We want collective redress for citizens so that they are also genuinely able to assert their consumer protection rights.
To this end, there is a need to breathe new life into it by simplifying procedures, but also by reinforcing the EU's common agricultural policy (CAP) budget, so I consider it very positive that the report calls for the CAP budget to be maintained at least until 2013, with it unlikely that Parliament will accept any reduction.
An advertising ban for alcoholic drinks, fast cars, drugs or toys might be the result.
Yet these proposals cover the whole Palermo agenda.
My last point is also clear: European thinking is about meeting each other half way and seeking out the best solutions.
- (NL) There is a desperate need for financial support for all eastern European countries, where, over the past decade, economies have collapsed and where no great improvements are expected in the foreseeable future.
The EU has reached a critical turning point.
Yes, it is about 40 % of the Community budget at the moment but that reflects more on the size of the Community budget than on spending on agriculture.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this is yet another debate which clearly illustrates that we are trying to square the circle or round off the square.
We have succeeded, despite the difficulties, and I would therefore like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Dess, and all the Members.
The only thing which is certain is that they bring nothing but suffering to the vast majority of citizens, as well as a deterioration of health and social services.
Spied on by teenage boys, women are marched to hospital and forced to undergo abusive gynaecological examinations to prove their chastity.
Regarding the amendments, I have already mentioned the amendment tabled by Mr Alvaro.
This report calls for further development of the existing common agricultural policy rather than the development of a new policy.
Mr President, Commissioner, thank you.
We have therefore decided to support the report as a whole in order to demonstrate our support for all citizens of the EU Member States being able to enjoy the fundamental right of not being subjected to discrimination, even if we do not agree with all the wordings and have thus voted against these.
As the Finance Ministers have already made clear, in May certain rates will be "rivetted' to each other and I think that it is also appropriate for European farmers to know what will happen to the green rate system.
I therefore call for agricultural policy to regain its rights, to resume control at both European and international level and, from both a quantitative and a qualitative perspective, for the strategic area of agriculture and food not to be subject to strict market forces.
Furthermore, the European Union is not a shareholder of the European Central Bank.
One of these, quite rightly, is biodiversity.
At any event, concerning the resolution on Turkey, an essential verb has been left out of the first paragraph of the Dutch language version.
It promotes the added use of wood in power plants, as combined combustion improves the way the combustion process can be controlled, reduces problems of corrosion, and adds to the reliability of fuel being available.
I am voting in favour of the resolution of the Temporary Committee on Climate Change since it supports the outcome achieved in Bali, makes a number of observations on the role of the EU in future negotiations, with which I agree, and specifies where the Bali Action Plan could have gone further.
I can assure you that the Commission has no intention of proposing any changes on this complicated matter.
We only have to look at the many problems we have facing our borders today - drugs, human trafficking, international crime and terrorism, to name but a few - to see the need for that.
She said that when consumers are already under the influence of alcohol to a certain extent, they can consult the label on the beverage to see whether they can drink another glass of it, but I submit that by the time they reach that state, they will no longer be able to read the label anyway!
(HU) Mr President, I was pleased to hear the Commissioner's report and would like to clarify one part.
The two Pericles reports should have been voted on this morning, and here it is in black and white, Mr President.
We remain opposed to the 're-branding' of incineration and have put down an amendment to have this deleted.
I would not like to suggest that this applies to Finland, however.
A responsible attitude towards budgetary matters is of paramount importance for both Parliament and the other institutions.
Let us retain our dignity.
However, the substance which Mr Ferrer proposes is already included in the annex.
Macedonia was fobbed off with humanitarian aid and was not really given any opportunities for its own industry.
That is unacceptable.
The Pact is stupid when your house is on fire, and you are right, we must stop burying our heads in the sand.
I am also convinced that the use of economic instruments, for example taxes on sulphur and nitrogen emissions, could serve to improve developments and in practice tighten up our existing requirements.
This is wholly unacceptable, Mr President, and therefore I regretfully had to abstain.
The proposed Regulation creates an independent structure under Community law in parallel to national forms of association.
The definition of a food supplement in the directive should reflect all supplements.
These brushstrokes are indeed very broad.
There are of course exceptions - I say that because I see Commissioner Lamy is with us - when there are major world conferences on the international calendar, such as the Doha Conference, which Mr Lamy and Mr Fischler of course have to attend.
There are safety consequences, because people have died in these beds.
Recently, representatives from social organisations in Kaliningrad, picketing at the building of the European Commission in Brussels, called for the introduction of special conditions of travel to EU Member States for the enclave's inhabitants, without tying this issue to EU-Russia talks on a visa-free regime.
7.
A second exercise will take place in March this year and I will continue to follow this up so as to give us a scoreboard of how Member States are implementing Community legislation.
There are points that we must debate or discuss, such as the instruments of the future cohesion policy, the place occupied by Community initiatives, that of the Cohesion Fund or a possible single regional development Fund.
The agreement expires on 30 November and the mandate for negotiation does not extend beyond October this year.
Europe will not work without strong authorities in Brussels.
I must again point out that I cannot of course be in two places at once and it goes without saying that it is part of the budget Commissioner' s duties to take part in the trialogue in preparation for the conciliation procedure for the 2002 budget.
In addition to what has been said by other Members, I would like to reiterate that Commissioner de Palacio’s handling of this dossier has not been particularly democratic.
Finally, I do not go along with the rapporteur' s proposal to depart from the 'user pays' principle, in that he wants to grant extra assistance to remote regions, for example.
The first EC tranche will be paid in July.
(BG) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the issue of relations with Russia is one that has often come up in this House, which in itself shows how important this issue is, not just for the institutions, but also for the citizens of the European Union.
If we want stricter rules, they need to be more intelligent, but above all we need more democratic debate and more cross-border discussions.
On this point I would like to thank Commissioner Franco Frattini for the sensitivity that he has shown on the subject of immigration over the last two years and for his continuing efforts to get the 27 Member States to agree on a common immigration policy.
The various restructuring strategies within the sector - such as the introduction of new technologies, the delocalization of some production, the reorientation of production towards the top end of the range and the rapid response to changes in demand - have a serious and almost exclusive effect on women workers.
Social principles must not be subordinated to economic freedoms.
In 2008 we had the EUR 1 billion Food Facility, when we had to use every trick in the book to secure funding because it had to be funded within the limits of the existing categories even though there was little space left to accommodate it.
Careful preparations will be made.
Moreover, it must not be possible to undermine or call into question the binding nature of this agreement that will be reached.
   .– The very title of the Commission recommendation reveals the real intention of its authors, which is to leave the profitability of the entertainment and Internet industry well alone.
.
I therefore rejected the report.
As a former civil servant, I think that the relationships are too much staff-to-staff, in other words too many civil servants dealing with civil servants.
Global performance is estimated according to a range of often conflicting criteria that are well-known to tyre-manufacturers.
It is our opinion that energy policies are to be dealt with at national level.
Everyone, with some slightly differing opinions of course, appreciates how important it is to try in every way possible to support the peace process in the Middle East and we all feel an enormous amount of frustration about the fact that it is progressing so desperately slowly.
Liberal Democrats in this House are proud that three of the authors of today's reports, Mrs Malmström, Mrs Haarder and Baroness Ludford have grappled with these issues and given the House these reports today.
The actions and decisions taken by all the EU's institutions, bodies, services and agencies must be guided by the fullest possible compliance with the principle of openness.
I hope that Mr Marín will respond to your question, since we all know how courteous he is, and I, in turn, will be courteous and allow a point of order to become a supplementary question.
Almost five years ago, I myself wrote a report on the annual report on human rights in which I drew attention to the subject of violence against women.
So, before we start talking about restructuring, let us see what the alternatives are, otherwise we will be acting like demagogues.
In the current major economic and social crisis, the significance of monitoring has become more important than ever before.
I am pleased about the fact that the European Parliament supports my group' s idea and we hope, Commissioner, that we can also count on your support.
We need to prepare people for the jobs of the future: green-collar jobs and jobs in other growth sectors, such as health and the social-care sector.
Until such time as President Lukashenko takes a significant step towards greater democracy, it will not be possible for the European Union to implement a positive policy.
The fourth estate, that is the media and the press, are an important tool in restoring democratic standards.
Finally, human rights.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, everyone is engaging in an analysis of the exceptional conditions which appear to have reduced today's debate to an impasse.
That we shall be able to achieve when the European Union is finally able to distance itself from individual national security policies and instead combine the political, the economic and, at the end of the day, the military potential of the Union in the interests of crisis management and peace-keeping.
Act two: the vote on Customs Union approaches.
1. (
This is why there are several of us asking you to act and to tell us what you intend to do.
So why is not possible to reach unanimous agreement to alter this decision, which will clearly create so many additional unemployed?
We all know that, for security, energy, economic, trade and even social, cultural and political reasons, there are already countries with which we have and need special relations, yet they will never – in the foreseeable future – become members of the EU.
We must look at our training programmes and see whether they take account of needs in the new Member States where, for example, many students cannot afford to travel and learn new things.
Furthermore, this is not the appropriate legal instrument with which to introduce such a measure.
It follows, Commissioner, that it is the reforms that you have to get to grips with rather than growth alone.
The question will be, in the days to come, whether the Barroso Commission is able, particularly where fundamental rights and freedoms are concerned – the catalogue of which you were very actively involved in drawing up – to uphold these standards.
The Florence European Council clearly asked that we should now move to the negotiating stage on the textual amendments to the existing Treaty.
These are not unreasonable requests to make.
(Applause from the left)
We welcome the intervention by Archbishop Desmond Tutu following the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Nigeria, but would call on other African leaders to equally intervene and put pressure on Mugabe to take action.
Only when achieving some additional progress can we speak of a truly balanced FTA that is acceptable and has a real and positive impact as a precedent for future FTAs.
In particular there are three areas where urgent action is required:
When the sector is reformed, priority should be given to measures aimed at improving the quality of the product, and there have been and are clear proposals by the European Parliament in that respect.
(FR) Madam President, I did of course vote against the Hamon report, which is even worse than the Commission's proposal on the taxation of savings, because, against all logic, a majority of Parliament - although it far from represents the majority of the Members of this House - voted to abolish the system of taxation at source, which works, in order to retain only the system of exchange of information, which is costly, bureaucratic and inefficient.
Justice is further undermined by the Commission making a distinction based on the capacity reductions in the fleets.
Nonetheless, I have also observed that, on certain sensitive issues, the report raises doubts that I feel are not justified.
Yet declarations on issues such as a general ban on landmines and other subjects have been ruled acceptable, as you are well aware, Mr President.
My second point concerns the dredger fleet.
I hope that Belgium will also be able to count on the Union's support in this, for it is clear that whether a crisis such as this is caused by a disease or an accident, or even a crime, that is of no consequence to a consumer, a farmer or a company that falls victim to the crisis.
Alternative means of redress may be recommended.
The annual statistical report of the Secretariat of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, released a few days ago on 9 June, noted that, compared to other groups, non-citizens in Latvia and Estonia are a privileged category of people who enjoy rights and protection similar to those of citizens.
Your vote is very important today.
The fact is that we normally eat at least three times a day.
However, when an amendment passed which specifically condemned the decision to take military action which has already started, and which involves some of our own countries, I found it impossible to give my support.
I agree with certain Members who have said that.
I am fundamentally grateful for that, even if parliaments never achieve everything they might wish.
I endorse the report, in particular where it proposes, in addition to the current European common asylum policy, the creation of measures both to develop orderly and better organised entry into the EU of persons in need of international protection and to step up protection capacity in the regions of origin.
The EU has taken on a leading role in election observation and should now develop this role intensively.
I should like to warmly congratulate Mr Wiebenga on his report.
That is something I think bodes well for forthcoming negotiations.
It is increasingly hard to obtain international rail timetables and it is often the case that train tickets to remote destinations have to be bought outside the country of departure.
At the same time, I hope that, in connection with the appointment of the forthcoming Commission, the Member States will comply with the proposal from the Convention to the effect that all the Member States must nominate three candidates for the Commission, with representatives from both sexes.
Subject: The 'Television without frontiers' directive
It is vital that we have a proper distinction, because each needs a completely different regulatory framework.
It has many good things to say.
Taking children from their mothers, and taking mothers from their children - for there are two sides to the matter - should be a final resort for when the child is being abused or suffering violence.
Not least as one who has been a journalist for many years, I object to such accusations.
I maintain my complete opposition on this issue, but this has not prevented me from voting in favour of what is a very positive report.
We very much appreciated the fact that the Commission is preparing further communications and further studies on the trade in women and children for sexual purposes, but only on condition that they are an immediate preliminary to detailed and specific measures to combat this - if not, they will remain solely and exclusively words heaped on other words.
As Paul-Marie Coûteaux rightly said in his intervention yesterday and in his proposed amendments, one wonders exactly what political coherence this blank cheque represents.
What I do know is that he is getting a new official car and that as a convinced European he told the Luxembourg press on Monday that he would soon be buying a Japanese hybrid car if the European automotive industry did not build more environmentally friendly cars.
With the third stage of EMU and the common currency the public finances of all Member States are in any case closely controlled by the Community.
I urge the Commissioner to condemn these events and further, to state the conclusions the Commission intends to draw from them.
In this way, the uncertainties existing in the market can be better combated and a more stable and transparent environment created, thus providing consumers with more and better information.
In fact, Mr Buttiglione is no longer a member of this Commission.
I would like to take the opportunity to put the following question, maybe especially to the Council: Are you prepared to draw up not only environmental criteria for biofuels but also social standards for biofuels, for example, guaranteeing acceptable pay, union rights, etc. for the biofuel we buy in to the Union?
Cooperation between Thailand, Vietnam, Hong Kong, is absolutely imperative in order to stop the flow of sex workers across borders.
I absolutely agree that this is so, and I also understand that this is a national competence.
Organ donation and transplantation are medical procedures, and in order for them to be further developed there must be full public involvement and greater public awareness.
As an island, enhanced competition between ports is also vital, but future attempts at achieving European port policy must have the support of the port sector.
It is, therefore, essential to take proper account of the urban dimension of this impact when defining the policies and actions implemented by the Commission.
One of the underlying concepts behind European collaboration is to create the potential for the free movement of persons, not just of goods, capital and services.
As I said at the outset of this debate five years ago, we should deal with the Court rulings of SIMAP and Jaeger and nothing else.
We fully share the importance of climate change and renewable energies which are already included in the present revision exercise.
This is a fact.
That is a very important point.
I should like to use this opportunity to state my position concerning future enlargements.
There are a number of questions that I would ask Commissioner Liikanen to take back to Commissioner Barnier.
This also requires a functioning system of cross-border cooperation.
The strength of this Union of ours has been our willingness to listen and to learn, to urge and to accommodate, to share and to support.
We have looked at both external and internal security, although less time has been devoted to internal security, important as it is.
Taiwan is a developed country with high technical and administrative standards.
Things that do not fit in today's thinking could perhaps be European policy in five years' time.
   Mr President, along the same lines as Mr Allister, I would like to draw the attention of the House to the fact that, during the summer, we witnessed the return to Dublin – to the Republic of Ireland – of the so-called Colombia Three.
The internal markets for electricity and for gas are on the threshold of being fully realized.
We will still be taking badly needed markets from developing countries.
I get the regrettable impression that he sees forests exclusively as industrial production units based on intensive single-crop farming necessitating a revolution every thirty years.
That is balanced politics.
You have mentioned renewable energy.
Here it can be shown that the Product Safety Directive has simply been too weak.
Since the elections, the violence has increased: the international community has a duty to intervene.
Secondly, the management companies which generally run these savings schemes will enjoy a European passport and will be allowed to provide additional services to customers who request, for example, individual management of their assets.
(DE) Mr President, Mr De Gucht, more than a year ago, the European Parliament asked you, the Commission, very clearly to make the negotiations on the ACTA Agreement transparent in future and to involve the public and the parliaments in these negotiations.
One particularly urgent element is maximising the agricultural potential in the new Member States, since the current discriminatory common agricultural policy is resulting in a serious deterioration of agriculture in these new Member States.
As in other cases, we could certainly intervene and ask the Cambodian Government to stop abusing its political opponent and allow him room to join the others on equal terms in order to be able to compete in the political struggle.
A number of important decisions on vote weighting in the Council are now going to have to be taken before the next enlargement.
Tourists, including anyone travelling in European territory for any reason, will no longer have to change their currency and so will not bear the useless charges connected with it.
At least we were able to ensure that Burma's human rights record was discussed in plenary session in ASEM and to toughen up the sanctions regime against Burma in the Council.
Statement by the President
France yesterday came up with a proposal that could become the political equivalent of the Central Bank, or something resembling an economic government, as Mr Pérez Royo described it this morning.
(For the results and other details on the vote: see Minutes)
   .Job cuts, wage dumping and social dumping and the lowering of safety standards and professional qualifications: this is what the European Commission is proposing to us in its third version of the directive on the liberalisation of port services.
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, both institutions need a formal agreement on reviews of expenditure to replace the 30-year-old 'gentlemen's agreement'.
I have paid visits to various Hindu, Islamic, Christian, Jain and Sikh shrines both in India and abroad.
In particular, we have managed to ensure that Europe's geographical indications (GIs) will be treated equally.
The remaining 85% is imported mainly from the poorer countries, without tariffs.
Portuguese public opinion deserves a firm guarantee that anti-competitive practices are not a factor in the establishment of prices.
This is the first piece of Community water legislation to apply to all surface and ground waters.
I should like to ask the Minister, in the spirit of Christmas, by wishing him well, if he does get that job at the airport, could he do something about direct flights to Strasbourg?
This is especially regrettable, as the international community has gladly acknowledged Kazakhstan’s progress in social and economic restructuring and in ensuring peace and harmony between different nationalities and denominations so far.
(The sitting was closed at 10.55 p.m.)
It does not, however, seem fair to make the candidate countries bear the consequences of our inability to take decisions and reform the European institutions.
The role of bees in plant pollination is indispensable.
We have just wrapped up the fourth round of talks.
This is why it seems to me necessary to progressively raise the ceiling for IOPCF compensation, and that we need an additional fund amongst the European States, provided that it is not used as a pretext to postpone the necessary adaptation of the IOPCF.
Mr President, the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy' s area of specialisation is industry, external trade and scientific research.
It appears to us that a system of preventive measures - reduced exposure to heat, an early warning system and of course aid for the elderly - needs to be put in place here.
on the one hand, the issue of non compulsory national targets.
I am not prepared to take that supplementary, because it referred to the previous question.
We have been discussing for over a year now how our work in Parliament can be made more efficient and more lively.
Even if demand increases in the future, we shall be more or less swimming in oil and gas, and it will be cheap oil and gas.
Madam President, when the proposal from the Commission was published it prompted a headline in a major Danish newspaper.
Fourthly, precise control of the flow of finance capital should be introduced and transfer of capital from new Member States to rich ones stopped.
Madam President, Mr López Garrido, the US High Representatives you mentioned also met us Members of the European Parliament when they visited Brussels recently.
A further priority that you put forward, with which we agree, is that of the Europe of results.
For these reasons, I voted in favour of this resolution.
The Committee on Development has already given its opinion and we shall take its report into account.
We also call on our British friends, since they are fellow members of the European Union, to establish effective and legitimate control of American espionage conducted against European targets from British territory; otherwise they are in breach of European data protection law.
Mrs Peijs has asked me when we are getting mobile pensions for mobile people?
The new draft rescue package of EUR 60 billion envisaged last Friday demonstrates that the EUR 110 billion loan already granted a year ago must be considered a gift.
As such, I welcome the concepts of prevention and producer responsibility; these will go some way in ensuring that the onus for implementing these measures is evenly spread across European citizens.
But we believe that, for the European Union, this can mean a different form of development.
I should, therefore, like to say to Mr Rübig and to the other speakers that I hope to be able, in the coming months, to present to Council and to this Parliament a package of initiatives specifically on nuclear safety, which will respond to the concern that you have expressed, i.e. the need for there to be common safety standards in installations in the European Union, standards which constitute a Community acquis, with mandatory compliance on the part not only of the fifteen current members of the Union, but also of the candidate countries, which will in time themselves be member States of the Union. These standards must also, consequently, provide guarantees to all citizens that things are done in the right way and with the highest levels of safety, which is what the European Union requires.
On this subject the European Council will evaluate the state of implementation of the Lisbon Strategy for Growth and Employment.
It is also extremely important to increase the number of state inspectors.
We should recognise our part in Russia's crisis and Russia's chaos.
However, this report shows the continuing need for more financial investment in education and training. That runs through the report.
It is thus something which we are not accustomed to, which we do not like and which we are very uncomfortable about.
The Barcelona process is one instrument which will help in this.
Thank you, Mr President.
Otherwise, the challenge really would be lost, not just for the present but also for many years to come.
It submits legislative and budgetary proposals to you, I do not do so.
So the perception that many have that the Arab world is not ready for democracy is undermined by the United Nations’ own reports.
Amendment 273: this amendment refers to the chapter entitled 'Research infrastructures' and seeks to support excellence in the convergence regions and outermost regions.
And I am sorry, but after that performance that you gave earlier...
With regard to beef and veal, Mr Garot is an expert on the subject.
Anyone who can read, see and hear knows that.
This is understandable.
If you wanted to protest, you should have done so there and then.
As always happens with new phenomena which must be considered and assessed, there is of course a procedure to be followed.
Mr President, this is a very serious matter...
We acknowledge that the DTP is an essential tool for fostering democracy in Turkey, and for this reason we firmly condemn the police operations that Prime Minister Erdoğan has ordered against you, imprisoning all three vice presidents of the DTP together with more than 300 militants and sympathisers.
Moreover, in this case the problems should not be tackled from the wrong angle.
The fact that we are still talking about this today, and have been talking about it for 40 years, is a sign that only a multifaceted integrated policy will bring us closer to our objective.
You must give instructions for the vote to be clearly recorded, for who voted for, who against, and who abstained to be recorded.
We were only successful in one case and that was the stoning of women.
I congratulate the Commission for the thorough job it has endeavoured to do and my colleague Mr Jarzembowski for the results of his diligent work.
- (SK) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in my opinion one of the best steps taken by the European Parliament in the current functional period was last year's decision on the need for close regulation and greater stability in the financial system.
It was as I had feared.
Prohibition fosters corruption and theft. Prohibition denies drug users the information about content that is available to everyone who enjoys an alcohol drink in the evening.
In essence, the core issue of dispute between the people of Tibet and China has been the wish of the Tibetans for self-determination, as opposed to the Chinese Government's fear of a possible domino effect leading to the break-up of China.
The reason for bringing forward the allocation of posts to 1997, by means of this SAB, is justified, firstly, by the training period such staff needs before being 100 % operational and, secondly, by the margin we had available on account of the favourable exchange rate which has applied to date since the budget was drawn up.
There must be a rounding down in favour of the consumer.
The Council' s conclusions concerning the EU acidification strategy have raised expectations which now have to be given substance.
Who is going to make the positive comments and claim the good things for us so that people know the benefits of being in the European Union and the euro?
Today the majority of genetic resources are found in the developing countries, that is, in the poor world.
It is the delegation's belief that it is necessary to focus on rising feed and food prices.
At a point when the euro and its implementation have been a great success, this Parliament, the Commission and the Council must demonstrate that they are fulfilling the obligations laid down for them in the Treaties.
We have rapidly identified EUR 25 million which could be mobilised under the External Borders Fund and European Refugee Fund if and when specific requests are made by the Member States.
(DE) Thank you very much, Mr Oettinger, for your clear and convincing answer.
To tell you the truth, Mr Danielsson, I had hoped from the bottom of my heart that you, on behalf of the Swedish Presidency, would have shown the greatest commitment to ultimately making decisions, and to at least producing a timeframe indicating when a decision would be taken on this important regulation.
Such an outcome will be a very welcome development for EU fund markets which have recently been confronted with many tough challenges.
To offer consumers better protection, Mr Lehtinen's report proposes improving the existing legislation in the relevant areas, making it simpler and smoothing out any regional differences.
I will inform you right now.
Continued efforts will be needed to stick to our commitments against a background of sluggish economic growth and fiscal austerity.
When we agreed to the streamlining of the economic and employment guidelines last year, we implicitly agreed not to unpack the guidelines themselves until 2006 – the mid-point.
Finally, the accession signing ceremony took place at the foot of the Acropolis where the new Parthenon museum is also located.
However, Mrs Berès, I would like to point out that Member States are entitled to adopt such measures and indeed most have been doing that for some time.
I understand Parliament’s wish to accelerate the Commission’s proposal on recycled plastics.
In view of all these factors, we believe that efforts should at last be made to find a legal base, an appropriate programme and appropriate budget lines, and to recognise tourism as an issue in its own right.
For example, in the new Culture 2007 programme we have created a more open and accessible programme in terms of its very structure, with three main objectives compared to the former eight.
This shows what close links you have with the nuclear lobby.
Commissioner Hübner and the previous Commissioners have been true friends to the peace process in Ireland and it is reassuring to see the continuing role the Commission will have through the task force that was set up by President Barroso.
Nowhere in the world is there a currency without one bond market behind it.
Slovakia also needs an active government that strives for social equilibrium and makes every effort to support the development of the poorer regions.
The people there expect a policy that makes it possible to make full use of the region’s potential, a factor that must also be taken into account in the EU’s policy on Russia.
We have launched specific measures such as those to combat violence against women.
Mr President, the Cyprus problem is an issue of human rights for both Greek and Turkish Cypriots.
PACT II runs from 1997 to 2001.
There is a particular lack of such reforms in Germany.
Firstly, there is no royal road to combating the drugs problem.
In this context, I should like to ask what opinion the Presidency of the Council holds on the use of biometric data in passports and visas, and what the Council’s position is on the establishment of reception camps outside EU territory.
Namaste!
Decisions have been taken by the Council with a great sense of responsibility.
The second scheme is that of the joint European venture .
This is an extremely important task for Europe.
Mr President, the report before us is undoubtedly not the most exciting of those we are to discuss in this sitting.
So, today, we are offered a compromise.
As far as the proposal for a new provision limiting investments in the same group to 15% is concerned, I would like to stress that, apart from the fact that this limit is too low, the text does not define the concept of a group. This concept does not exist under European law because it is impossible to implement and equally impossible to control in practice.
With regard to this macroeconomic study, I shall be very eager to provide you with information on the impact of these Structural Funds in terms of the direct impact of the use of these funds in net contributing countries.
- Report: Fruteau
This would be a mistake.
Consequently, I welcome the initiative to make the problem of poverty more visible and the effort to establish a single coordinated policy.
I cannot, however, let the information that I have just received about the nuclear accident in South Korea go unrecognised.
This reflects in part the fact that the historically low level of interest rates in the euro area continues to support monetary expansion.
I also welcome the implementation of the key performance indicators in the Annual Management Plan, as well as the fact that the objectives for 2009 were achieved and the Ombudsman's decision to publish his annual declaration of interests on his website.
From now on weapons will be doing the talking and words will become weapons; they are no longer reliable.
What steps will the Council be taking over the next few weeks and months in order to secure the release of Dr Erkel?
In that general context, some sectors of European industry are faced with fierce competition from imports.
Stability cannot be an end in itself, it must serve growth.
On the same occasion the Council repeated that it stands firmly by the principle that all the borders in the area are inviolable.
With regard to Mr Ferber' s report, we would like to remark that we are disinclined to take a position on the details as yet, including the establishment of posts.
We therefore hope that the EU can be the driving force behind the whole of this process.
I think that, where TV is concerned, we shall, in the future, have a situation where digital TV will be a part of ever more integrated electronic functions in the home.
The more these two increase, the more numerous their victims become, especially women and children, because violence and discrimination against women are not confined just to countries in which armed conflict takes place.
Secondly, I am not convinced about your argument regarding Brazilian beef.
It is already becoming a little easier to identify the needs here, which was not the case in the beginning.
We respect him as President of the Commission and we have asked him to be President of the Commission.
The resolution's tone will not exactly win the Americans over to adopt the European view.
This draws attention to what I called a few years ago the 'European world' languages: linguas europeias globais in Portuguese.
This is what is done in the Netherlands, and the results are very good.
We must bear in mind that we owe it to this society and to the entrepreneurial spirit of the European Union to give them the chance to develop on a sound basis.
How do you see the astonishing upheaval in the balance within the organisation that uses this kind of approach to the situation?
I believe that we should show the minimum of coherence.
This is the main reason for the anger and resentment felt towards the Common Fisheries Policy.
I welcome the five areas that the Commission has focused on, namely complaints, price levels, satisfaction, switching and safety.
There can be no objection to that and there is no need for clarification.
I welcome the enactment of new codes of judicial procedure and criminal procedure and the establishment of a standing committee to investigate complaints of torture and a national programme to eliminate poverty.
The European aerospace industry is a world leader in several important market segments; it has in excess of a one-third share in the global market.
This point of contention is being carried forward into the new regulation.
Gender-related violence, whether committed in the home or armed conflict zones, is one of the most serious human rights violations and must be opposed and punished accordingly.
I congratulate all the Member States that have established paternity leave; likewise, Commissioner, I am pleased to hear of the Commission's proposal that has just been announced.
I, too, am in favour of this, but that does not mean that they should not be subject to measurement.
In response more specifically to Mrs Lucas’ points, we share her concern about the slow progress in Council and we now hope that a common position will be agreed upon under the Irish presidency early in 2004.
Thus, two series of follow-up reports for 1996 and 1997 have been prepared and published.
His detention is part of the most severe police crackdown in China in decades.
There is therefore an amendment from the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy in this respect.
The proposed amendments would have enabled us to help European ports meet the needs of international competition.
Tatarstan, the capital of which is Kazan, has a high degree of autonomy, indeed the greatest degree of autonomy in the Russian Federation.
As I have already said, those who wish to achieve too much will prevent us from achieving the basic goals.
Studies have shown that a very high proportion of advertising expenditure goes towards the promotion of cars on the basis of power and size and speed.
Thank you, Mrs Schreyer.
Ten years ago we recommended a European framework statute to provide, among other benefits, social rights and independent pension rights for assisting spouses working in agriculture.
This includes investment in new technology.
It is no longer possible to actually reward the collection of a million signatures of citizens, prescribed in Article 46, with a referendum.
I would also like to thank my colleagues, Mr Cerexhe of the Belgian Presidency, Commissioner Geoghegan-Quinn, and all those who contributed to the public consultation for their assistance.
Europe will open up its markets to 95% of South Africa' s exports over ten years.
Frankly, ladies and gentlemen, I do not understand how we can both want a European arms agency, intended in particular to promote and coordinate harmonisation of military equipment, and not at the same time commit the Member States to buying this equipment.
So consumers have to be very confident of the labelling.
However, many people are stranded in far-flung corners of the world. They are unable to leave and get back to their jobs, their children cannot go to school, because they have not been able to come back from their holidays, and they are stuck without accommodation and without any money.
However, while I am sceptical about the impact of economic sanctions, I am confident that sanctions against individuals responsible for violating human rights through, for example, censorship, rape, torture and executions, will be an effective and necessary step to end impunity and to honour the justice that Nasrin Sotoudeh stood for.
We know that we need to keep candidate countries motivated.
The proposed Council decisions on which Parliament is to issue its opinion are based on the regulations in the Europol Convention, both in terms of the Commission' s participation in the work and the opportunity of Parliament to monitor it.
We shall have more and more centenarians.
We denounce the implementation of the European Partnership Agreements set out in that agreement, the Commission's use of blackmail in the form of development aid to ensure their conclusion, and the resultant pillaging of the economies of the ACP countries.
Secondly, the text of the rapporteur's report refers to tax havens and raises that question in relation to Amendment No 5.
In order to ensure long-term political stability both within the country and with neighbouring countries, it is doubtless very important for Ukraine to implement constitutional reforms, but we - the European Union and its institutions - must understand that this requires time and we must not always criticise, but help Ukraine integrate into our family.
We share the grief of the civilian victims and their families and we share the values of our great ally - democracy and individual freedom.
That is my first point: we are drafting a directive which evidently has a discriminatory effect, especially in terms of frontier workers.
In relation to Roma inclusion, we must therefore not forget dialogue with Roma women, who have a greater emotional influence on their children and on the future generation.
As you are aware, in October 2007, both the European Community and its Member States committed to increase assistance in the area of trade to EUR 1 billion by 2010 within the framework of the EU Strategy on trade assistance.
This Parliament requests Eutelsat to restore NTDTV broadcasts in China: the freedom to obtain information and knowledge is a basic human right.
Take Ostend airport in my own country.
This policy, this European added value must, it seems to me, be based on two fundamental conditions.
More important still is whether or not we can in fact put the idea of including sustainability in other areas into practice, because the Amsterdam Treaty, which my country has today decided to ratify, requires Member States to take account of environmental imperatives in all other forms of Community policy.
In conclusion, addressing the Commission and the Member States, I will repeat that we must achieve definite progress on the problems that bear down on Europe's people.
This is the only way to guarantee that the network, from collection to distribution, will be a comprehensive network which cannot be broken up or used only in part and according to the convenience of postal service operators.
Without them, it will be hard to secure taxpayers' consent for increased public expenditure on development policy.
I would like to conclude, Madam President, with a piece of advice that stems from my last comment; it would be a good idea if, in the next Convention and reform of the Treaty, the field of tax matters could be defined once and for all and that a precise framework for harmonisation can be established.
We wish you success, Commissioner, because your success in this field will be Parliament' s success and the European Union' s success too.
In a previous question to the Commission concerning the existence of studies on the impact of this Agreement on the textile and clothing sector in the EU, in Portugal for example, the Commissioner said – so as to avoid having to say that there were no such studies – that it was ‘unlikely to have a significant impact’.
As your Parliament is aware, the Commission is convinced that, without fundamental reform, the Community judicial bodies run the risk - in the short term - of no longer being able to carry out their task within reasonable deadlines.
He has done a sterling job, but that is also true of Mr Watson, Mrs Hautala, Mrs Cederschiöld and of the other draftsmen of opinions.
The conditions of eligibility to the Fund are detailed in Council Regulation No 2012/2002 establishing the EUSF.
It means that this legislation concerns the authorisation to market products in the EU.
There are also important safeguards to ensure that any such transports do not allow animals to come into contact with animals from other holdings except for direct slaughter.
We constantly attempt to promote and push these values through political dialogue.
The Union must introduce a clear ban on the activities of such groupings.
I would like to conclude, ladies and gentlemen, by saying that I am delighted by the prospect of a wide, multi-partnership-style public consultation, which will allow us to follow up on our hard work, in the framework of a compromise that respects the law set out in Amendment 46 and makes it applicable.
However, we fundamentally disagree with the premise of this report which, in effect, states that further enlargement can only proceed successfully if the European Constitution comes into force.
It was contrary to international law.
Nowhere in the world is the lack of freedom as concentrated as, specifically, in the Middle East.
Even more impracticable is the hypothesis of subordinating a reduction in working hours to a reduction in wages.
- Before the vote on Amendment 1:
The production and manufacturing of wine in Europe is subject to clearly defined conditions.
If Europe does not restore its growth path, it will decline economically and will therefore also decline politically.
Nor was it considered possible to admit any legal basis for the Regulatory Agencies, because there is none in the Treaty for a legal act of this kind.
   Mr President, the earth moved, tragedy struck and our world changed.
The view of the Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations is that the first thing to do is to stop thinking of the Commission as a superior body, as the guardian of the European public interest.
Various Members of Parliament have spoken about the suspension of the American measures.
Mr President, acts of racist and xenophobic violence are taking hold at the heart of Europe.
We should make it clear that Europe is America’s friend and partner.
Mr President, it reflects no credit on this House that the whole of our agenda today, the whole of our vote, should have been taken up with a matter that ought never to have come to the floor.
The report talks about a fairer distribution of profits and introduces the concept of full employment through public investment.
(DE) Mr President, the principle that the entirety of on-call time is to be considered working time must hold; I agree with the rapporteur on this.
Income from car registration in Malta and Gozo is comparatively very high whilst the road infrastructure is the worst in the EU.
In November 2010, the Council invited the Commission and Member States to focus their joint work on the following areas: curriculum design, motivation for reading, literacy, maths, science and technology, the impact of new technologies on basic skills and their use in helping learners to acquire autonomy and maintain motivation, gender differences in performance and attitudes, the link between pupils' background and their mastery of basic skills and, finally, issues around teachers and teacher trainers as well as around schools' ethos and characteristics.
I therefore ask you to approve the proposal I have submitted, which takes the needs of specific new small European Union countries and their societies into account, to support countries, which do not have the capacity to create audio visual products of sufficient quality through grants.
In the final analysis, it will affect a large number of NGOs, that is, organizations which need these funds in order to exist and which cannot wait until the long drawn-out bargaining processes between the Council and the Commission are over.
Let me make one further point: I did not this afternoon dress as appropriately as Mrs Lulling, who looks the bee's knees.
The rules adopted should be able to withstand the test of reality.
Mr Buffetaut complains that there are a number of questions which have not been settled in the Convention.
The Maastricht Treaty gave this Parliament the right – and the Council already had the same right – to ask the Commission to bring forward a legislative proposal.
Since then, we have had confirmation of the loss of our Russian market: 400 000 tonnes of European beef went to Russia last year.
Madam President, in the course of discussions with Mrs Martens of the PPE-DE Group, we decided to alter the amendment to paragraph 19 in this way.
There must be a set-up within your organisation, within this nonsense of a Parliament, so that we can actually say that we are going to be here and we can be given time to speak.
We must eradicate hatred without justifying violence.
This establishment is an EU reference laboratory which is supposed to protect our animals from contagious diseases and not to cause epidemics through incompetence.
I also find it interesting that the Commission has presented us here with a variety of models and proposals.
These are nothing for anyone to be afraid of, for, even now, the Member States have to submit detailed reports; indeed, what we are now proposing reduces the burden on them.
In spite of all these reservations, these proposals are heading in the right direction and I do not wish to stand in their way.
Mr President, our group, as you know, did not vote for the Sjöstedt report in committee.
That is why it is so important that no gap should be allowed to occur between the expiry of the transit regime and the new directive entering into force.
Tomorrow the Committee on External Economic Relations will meet, chaired by Commissioner Sir Leon Brittan.
How does the Commission intend to pay for unforeseen expenditure?
There is no alternative.
Commissioner, I am very pleased that you have acknowledged that the German authorities took the appropriate sequence of measures - that was also my impression in Germany.
We suggest the end of 1999 or perhaps the end of the year 2000 so that there is a specific date, rather than a relatively vague open-ended commitment.
To put it bluntly: the current international difficulties and the increasing anxiety we all feel in living together in mutual respect have encouraged the misguided view that cultures are set on an unavoidable collision course leading to a clash of civilisations.
We do not, however, have to strive towards a uniform approach, although we must be willing to learn from one another.
I would therefore point once again to this House’s demand for a directive on heating and cooling.
It is worth noting that European investment in Burma is significant, particularly in the oil and gas industries.
Firstly, democracy must be consolidated.
This assures genuine choice for those consumers who categorically do not want foods which contain GMOs.
The successful conclusion of this proposed regulation will bridge the current regulatory gap by creating harmonised rules for the scientific evaluation, authorisation and use of food enzymes in the Community.
   Mr President, this debate is about strategic priorities.
The Commission has also been very active in contributing to EU efforts to promote the human rights of women in international fora, such as the UN Commission on Human Rights, the Third Committee of the United Nations General Assembly, and the Office of Democratic Institutions and Human Rights of the OSCE.
It is important that all Members of Parliament are made aware of this.
The House was recently moved to debate violations of human rights in Cambodia along with the unacceptable treatment of women and children that constituted an affront to their human dignity.
Like you, I have just listened to Mr López Garrido, who gave a very good explanation of how the Spanish Presidency also tended towards this will to adopt these initial measures, which will provide us with a range of minimum guarantees.
Germany has already been mentioned.
The draft resolution rightly recalls the Commission's accountability to this Parliament.
We need to separate one term from the other and work – I repeat jointly – to make the vision of sustainable urban development a reality.
Madam President, generally speaking, I am far from satisfied with heading 4 of the draft budget.
It divests our entire policy of any credibility.
As regards the point on education, we are trying to pay special attention to universities because we believe that they could do more than they are doing now and that sometimes we are not too benevolent towards them.
Certain features of our civilisation, notably stress, play their part too.
Support for the determination of the Greek authorities will increase confidence in the successful achievement of the ambitious programme they have adopted.
I, a Liberal, shall be voting against your Commission precisely because you have not replaced the Liberal Mrs Kroes.
I found the way in which colleagues applauded themselves to be offensive within the context of an economic crisis.
We need to move away from national egos and towards greater effectiveness at European level.
Of particular importance are the changes that have been made to protect children, families and minorities.
In that respect, however, even after Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner’s speech – although I appreciate the fact that she was very clear that Lebanon needs and has the right to go back to being independent and thus not dependent on Syria – we should be critical of the fact that she did not address such basic issues at all clearly.
We have already talked about the European semester, and I would like to thank Vice-President Šefčovič, because it is really worth informing the public about what the semester means.
We understood the urgent appeal which was made to us last year in the wake of the Court of Auditors' report which criticised current practices, namely to find ways and means to establish a sound legal base.
An enormous and complex bureaucracy has been established to administer the Structural Funds.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, there are few issues on which the citizens of Europe broadly agree that Europe is making serious efforts on their behalf.
The truth is that people inhale more deeply to get the taste and so can actually damage themselves more.
In practice, gathering evidence is very difficult; so, in practice, is knowing where to draw the line.
My friend, Torben Lund, here thought it absurd to have a proposal that defines a bathing site according to how many bathers go there, and according to which the authorities must define it as a bathing site.
I should like to emphasise that yet again.
To this end, an association agreement between the EU and Syria is currently waiting to be signed.
It has to be helped to play its full role within the framework of supportive and efficient information, consultation and negotiation procedures.
My concern is for both individual and collective guarantees.
Restricting the concept of inter-generational solidarity to just childcare is a mistaken interpretation.
I am gratified to see that the European Council has now come to share that view.
A key challenge identified at the European Council was in the services sector, which remains highly fragmented.
Mr President, the European Union's environmental policy is ambitious and good in several areas.
I am well aware that the outermost regions and overseas countries and territories (OCTs) making up Europe's overseas territory concern only six EU Member States and that obviously issues in these territories are largely unknown.
Turkey is and remains an important partner of Europe.
Slovakia will be receiving only a fraction of the money needed for the shutdown of these units from EU funds.
We are still very uncertain about the effectiveness of a military option which should not be envisaged unless all diplomatic instruments have failed.
Before the vote on Amendment 88:
Pre-accession aid for Bulgaria and Romania is then to be replenished, and the budget for pre-accession aid is then to include Turkey.
This is particularly resonant when one recalls that exactly the same situation arose in Rwanda, where the militias were urged to attack civilians, and French civilians in particular, in messages broadcast both on government and private radio stations.
I would therefore like to urge the representative of the Council to delight us in August by adopting a legally binding statute for the code of conduct, which would be warmly welcomed by this House.
In approving this resolution, I am calling on the two sides in the conflict to refrain from carrying out any further acts that could result in an escalation of the tension.
The Court's mandate comes to an end soon, in 2010, and the Sierra Leone Government has been totally frank about not being able to ensure that the sentences passed will be enforced.
It would be quite wrong if Bulgaria were to suffer at all from any of this negative background noise.
The Commission proposes a number of measures to clarify and simplify the laws.
We abstained in the Committee on Social Affairs, so it is only to be expected that we do not yet agree with the report.
Madam President, the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality voted for this report by a tiny majority of three votes, since six of its 33 members were absent.
The parliamentary services told me that I had to be here.
Thirdly, the European Union must acquire full membership in the Security Council and in the General Assembly.
'Russia is great, and the Tsar is far away' is what they used to say.
If that is not the case, the Commission can propose making implementation of relevant European standards mandatory.
We have rarely come across such a Stalinist report here in this House: it is pure, mendacious propaganda!
Over recent weeks, there has indeed been a great deal of public attention surrounding a trial taking place in South Africa against the pharmaceutical industry and the South African Government and also a complaint lodged against Brazil by the United States.
This is the only way to ensure that the basis for world trade is formed in a balanced and socially just way.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
I believe that she has the necessary authority to ensure that the voice of the United Nations is heard, and to remind the signatory countries of the various international conventions on human rights of their responsibilities, which I would say are elementary.
If the majority of Member States continue to be committed to nuclear energy today, however, safe and appropriate procedures must be in place.
The ECR therefore abstained.
From a European point of view this is without doubt something which will initially only affect specific branches and sectors of industry, or even individual companies, as far as their employment situation or level of economic activity is concerned.
Finally, Mr President, I think that special measures are needed for vineyards in mountainous and island regions.
It will allow better burden-sharing in observing both parties' international responsibilities.
Further efforts are also needed to ensure democratic supremacy of civil-military relations, to protect the rights of women, children and trade unions, to improve the judiciary system and to enhance the fight against corruption.
Many of these definitions are based on the factors influencing the marine environment and the threats to it, rather than the quality of the ecosystem.
We know that there is the EET system and so on, that is, tax is paid either on the contributions or on the interest on the invested capital, on what is received for the occupational pension, or tax is paid on the pensions themselves.
As far as the macroeconomic approach which is essential to combating unemployment is concerned, this must be based on monetary and budgetary policies.
It specifically refers to interinstitutional agreements; it even categorises them.
We are waiting for a forward-looking vision of economic development, a project which is humane and intelligent, and which will enable sustainable development to be achieved.
I would now like to move on to the Commission' s proposal.
The proportion of the budget accounted for by the Structural Funds will increase further in future, as we saw when the Agenda 2000 assessment was published yesterday, because some 2 billion marks are to be transferred from them to the Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund, mainly for similar use, while in addition structural funding is to be held constant in the budget at its present figure of 0.46 % of GDP.
Surely our governments – north and south – and our European Union, can build on that.
All European institutions, including the Parliament, should support an information campaign.
Aleś Čyrejka
This is to provide a solution to situations when, for one reason or another, some Member States are unable or unwilling to issue a residence permit for third-country nationals in time, or they do not apply the framework provided by the Schengen regulations properly.
Besides, the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health has come out almost unanimously against the method.
But once that balance is struck and once the legislative position is clear, then it is incumbent on all of us to make sure the law is adhered to.
It is good that there has been an evaluation after five years.
The German Federal Constitutional Court could only make a negative decision about Germany's participation in the monetary union if the Heads of State and of Government were to be in violation of the Maastricht Treaty in their decision about the participating countries.
The British or even the American tail is wagging the European dog.
It is a different story, however, for at-risk groups such as the elderly or young people without working experience, the sick, disabled persons and single mothers or families with several children.
Public health (2001 - 2006)
My impression is that, at the moment, this House is very much divided, since, as some Members claim, certain amendments may even weaken the legal basis proposed by the Commission and, at this moment, specifically, the opinion, for example, of the rapporteur for the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy - who I believe we will hear next - is, of course, opposed to the introduction of amendments.
This coordination has worked exceptionally well.
Other areas will continue to be subject to self-regulation in the Member States, as a complement to the provisions of legislation.
in writing. - (FR) I voted in favour of the report by my Italian colleague Monica Frassoni on the conclusion of an interinstitutional agreement between the European Parliament and the Commission on procedures for implementing the Council Decision laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission, as amended by Decision 2006/512/EC of 17 July 2006.
I am, therefore, delighted to acknowledge today and thank her for her dignity, impartiality, efficiency and the exceptional elegance with which she has fulfilled her duties in the service of the European Union, thereby increasing the prestige of our Parliament.
   . – Mr President, I would like to start with the most warm thanks to Mr Herzog, who had a difficult task as rapporteur and, having an explicitly left-wing stance, did not always find it easy to put his position across.
The eleventh-hour compromise reached on the subject of registration is not perfect.
There is no question mark over the Convention’s work.
Lastly, we recognise that innovation, in particular new technology, has been responsible for a democratic revolution in modern societies, and this is something that should be welcomed, preserved and encouraged.
In the common position irradiation is accepted as a possible method of preserving foodstuffs.
   Mr President, sadly, I do not believe that the statements given here today deliver on the expectations of our citizens.
The lack of food security is threatening to undermine MDG objective 1, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa.
We hope that will be taken up.
The period we should support is 2005, not 2002.
It is in our interest that the directive be transposed properly, correctly and well.
It is true that in many cases unemployment is a consequence of low level, segregated education, but most often it is a result of the fact that when the Roma go to a job interview, they are automatically turned down because of the colour of their skin.
The changes proposed by Mr Barroso are cosmetic.
Finally, I would repeat the criticism which has already been expressed here that Socrates is hopelessly underfunded.
We have to provide answers and we have to answer only to the citizens of the European Union, because ultimately we are representing them.
This list is available in three languages, as usual, but the texts on which we are going to vote are in all languages.
Obviously the European Union, like all of us, has a direct interest in a process of stabilisation and peace, and we hope it will be rapid.
(The President cut off the speaker)
We all agree on the need for clean drinking water, but we do not all favour the same means of achieving it.
Link this to the open coordination method and we will achieve a coherent policy.
After this crisis, I think there is now much more awareness of the need to have real coordination in the response to the crisis.
This was also the first practical application of the principles enshrined in the Small Business Act.
In a war situation there is no proportionality - each war and each casualty is one too many, and it is not possible to balance figures for each side against the other.
So much so that, when anyone raises the issue of public safety, the Commission immediately takes refuge in the subsidiarity principle.
After all, the subsidiarity principle applies at all times.
The EU’s share of world trade has dwindled over the past 10 years, while that of the United States, and in particular China and India, has skyrocketed.
We should approach the problem from the other direction, by ensuring that the Union has in place the right structures for strengthening competitiveness and providing a climate that is conducive to business development. After all, it is enterprises that will generate a better quality of life and, as a result, an improved social welfare system.
It is no accident that dyslexic and dysgraphic children are also treated using movement therapy.
The Council supports the Commission's efforts to mange the Community's external aid more efficiently and to use EDF funds in accordance with the objectives and criteria of the Cotonou Agreement.
If we do not get the problems solved now, matters will become so much the more difficult in an enlarged EU.
Will the Commissioner therefore confirm whether the changes to the Structural Funds will allow for integrated aid in support of those regions.
Mr Brok's statement during his presentation to plenary captures the tone of the report perfectly. He said that, if we want to be convincing and reliable in our foreign policy, we need to demonstrate on a daily basis that we are prepared to use military means to enforce what is not accepted using other means.
I would also include the effect of a special and differential treatment, as well as capacity building.
It ought to be equally obvious that every country may draw up their own regulations in this area.
I would like to finish by saying to Commissioner Kroes that we expect transparency from the Commission.
It is also worth noting that a separate clause on women’s rights would also imply the need to include various other human rights issues as individual clauses in subsequent trade and co-operation agreements; that is to say for example, a clause for the rights of the child, or a clause for the rights of indigenous peoples and minorities.
Efforts to recover state aid are being made alongside protectionism and state intervention in the economy: a perilous path to take.
Everything will depend, quite clearly, on the Yugoslav response.
The question of the usability after 2013 of the Kyoto quota surplus, which is of key importance to Hungary and considered to be a national asset, will thus remain unresolved until the climate change summit to be held in South Africa in 2011.
Our relations with the Mediterranean regions and with Africa are of vital interest to Europe.
Also, let us not forget that the EU needs to deliver here at home and to lead by example.
That is the reality.
The project, provisionally named the Scandinavian Express Loop, will establish a Stockholm-Östersund-Trondheim-Oslo-Stockholm rail loop.
Penalties for possession, dealing and trafficking vary, as do attitudes to possession for personal consumption.
It was a critical but very constructive dialogue.
What action does the Council intend to take in relation to the West African countries concerned and the cacao industry?
More training and qualifications are particularly essential for women who, as a social group, are still the victims of the sexist, discriminatory social division of labour.
At present, what is needed is effective coordination between the partners on the ground to enable them to target areas successfully and to speed up the aid.
The third country is responsible for and sovereign to spend its revenue under the agreement, in whole or in part, in support of its fisheries policy for the purposes jointly agreed in a common approach with the Community.
Nevertheless, they are separated.
In the European Parliament, we are clearly completely in support of the principle of such a monitoring centre and have demonstrated that in a series of resolutions.
Secondly, you must ensure that the people responsible for mismanagement and erroneous developments are punished consistently, if necessary by making them compensate for part of the damage caused out of their own pocket.
After all, it is responsible for technical measures to protect against counterfeiting.
The same applies to the police.
(DE) Madam President, I refer to Rule 145 of the Rules of Procedure.
It must be said that the Council does not seem to have accepted this strategic challenge.
After a relatively quiet period, the recent arrival of a few thousand Jihad fighters who aim to enforce the Islam religion on the Moluccan islands has led to renewed escalations of violence.
The remaining measures proposed in the report, particularly to promote the use of emergency vaccination, to give farmers a greater sense of responsibility and to shed light on the role of all the players in the funding of the future strategy, are a step in the right direction and are an appropriate means of strengthening EU legislation on animal health.
Even with a moderate level of reduction, effects on communities are severe.
We share some common values and we can use the ILO conventions as a basis for developing the European social model further.
Work has already begun; four negotiating sessions have been scheduled for this year, and two of them have already taken place, in preparation for the Poznan Conference of the Parties.
I would like to end by calling on the Members to vote in favour of this report and I hope that the States will implement these measures as soon as possible, with a view to preserving the environment and protecting human health, thereby moving us in the direction of the sustainable Europe that we all want to see.
We are quarrelling with the United States.
(Blue card question to Mr Cohn-Bendit under Rule 149(8)).
Given that the representatives of the non-bikers have not made themselves heard at all, I think that we in the House have actually done quite a reasonable job.
I am delighted to hear that there is a will to develop this special relationship at parliamentary level. However, I have my doubts, Commissioner, because just before this debate we had a long debate with your colleague Mrs Ashton about Economic Partnership Agreements.
For instance, EU cephalopod vessels are allowed to keep over four times as much fish by-catch as Guinean vessels.
As the honourable Members - and Mrs Gutiérrez-Cortines - know, on 13 December the Commission adopted a Communication on increasing maritime safety, following the Prestige accident, a text which reminds the Member States of the need to apply in advance and to speed up the application of the Erika I and Erika II legislative packages, as well as proposing new measures.
I believe that our emergence from the economic crisis depends to a large extent on the proposal's ability to facilitate the wide-ranging and efficient application of ICT in the business sector.
The consultation held within the Committee on Fisheries was characterised by a spirit of good cooperation, which has led to a strong result.
That should be a good enough reason for the Commission to review the effectiveness of its aid provision, and certainly gives us enough justification for looking further into its self-analysis, so let me again congratulate Mr Hutchinson on the good work he has done in spelling out very clearly to the Commission what it should be doing.
Will it set out established social rights in the European Union or will it set a broader agenda?
For four years we negotiated Poland's membership of the structures of the European Union.
The regulation which you are being asked to extend by two years, until the end of the present financial perspective in 2006, is one of the two legal bases for the European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights.
Even the Dutch Government, which has no Christian Democrats in it, has acknowledged that Dutch education based on a foundation of Islam is often an excellent system for promoting the emancipation of Muslims, up to secondary level.
The democratic deficit of the European Union has in turn resulted in a serious information deficit.
As Mrs Sippel said, quality must take precedence over quantity.
Transparency, logical decisions and hence predictability for companies are aspects that we shall have to discuss over the coming months.
We can see, therefore, that urban issues have come a long way.
I believe all of us in this House share the desire to see this conflict finally end and both parties find a solution for the stability of the people of Israel and for the people of Palestine, which will also help enhance the stability and security of the region.
As Mr Donnelly said, Mr Le Pen claimed in the Committee on the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials and Immunities that it was not an accurate report.
As the Commission’s decision establishing OLAF puts it, his Office “shall exercise the powers of investigation ... in complete independence” and it may “neither seek nor take instructions from the Commission, any government or any other institution or body”’.
Amendment 43 is crucial in this respect.
We have made a balanced proposal on the controversial issue of donations in line with the 2001 compromise and consequently propose that donations should be permitted, although only if they satisfy strict conditions of transparency.
The first aspect - taking my life in my hands - refers to some of the amendments of the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities.
The Council is requested to act only when a majority of delegations in the management committee has been unable to give an opinion on such a proposal.
For years the sea provided for our forefathers and was a source of considerable income.
I think I can safely say that it has respected the guidelines drawn up by the working party and even improved their wording, since some of them were rather obscure in places, not to say contradictory.
in writing. - I support this report, despite my opposition and disappointment that the former European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia, set up following the recommendations of the Council of Ministers' Consultative Committee on Racism and Xenophobia, where I represented the European Parliament, has now been dissolved into a wider European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights.
They exemplify our shared European ambition and provide a point around which collective efforts can be shaped.
This has been on the back burner for a long while, and there is a reason for that.
The Committee on Legal Affairs looks at this issue through legal spectacles, as you would expect.
Mr President, I believe that the European Parliament must responsibly assume its powers for safeguarding human rights and should never confine itself to simply transcribing the opinions of third parties.
However, as individuals, many colleagues voted in favour of it.
The field of operations drawn up for the agency is quite broad so good cooperation with Member States is important.
I am assuming that the Council will be keeping us informed about this.
While recognising that progress has been made in the common position, the result - I must say in passing - of initiatives taken by the European Parliament, sufficient progress has not been made.
Unlike in the past, this must not be done through military intervention from outside but through diplomatic, and, if necessary, economic pressure.
The farmers in the new Member States, and not only the farmers, are extremely worried and alarmed by these developments.
Both markets are experiencing particularly worrying economic situations and are no longer in a position to stock up with the same quantity of supplies as before.
We shall therefore work with them gladly.
I have not made this up. Perhaps this was not true but there is a tone of voice that does not lie.
I do not share the Member's concerns at all.
There is absolutely no doubt that the seventeen years that Mumia Abu-Jamal has just spent rotting on death row following a travesty of justice are linked to the fact that he is black, to his fight against institutional racism, to the freedom of thought which this journalist practised by having the courage to denounce the corruption prevailing in the ranks of the Philadelphia police.
(CS) (The beginning of the speech was inaudible) ... to make an effort so that Europe is as strong a player as possible on the world market.
The main bones of contention still outstanding are the technical dialogue and the question of whether entities should be allowed, in complex technical cases, to seek technical advice from firms intending to bid for the contract at a later stage and, if so, under what circumstances.
Amongst these concerns I would like to stress our doubts about the reserve in agriculture, the low implementation of appropriations in food safety and the future of rural development.
There is no question that measures are needed to simplify legislation, to assess its impact and to analyse how texts are transposed.
What would you say if the members of the Russian Parliament sought to instruct Members of the European Parliament on how they should vote?
In The Hague, we once again managed to prevent the blacklisted representatives of Zimbabwe from attending the meeting.
- (SV) Mr President, the Berlin Wall fell almost 20 years ago.
They must not be shunted like mere objects between the various Member States, as unfortunately often happens at present.
If an initiative receives enough signatures, the Commission is not obliged to put it into effect, merely to justify its decision.
The Kyoto mechanisms - emissions trading, joint implementation and the clean development mechanism - are a part of the Protocol.
The role of Eurojust is also not clearly defined.
Under the new rules on trials in absentia, we can now be tried and sentenced in another EU state without even being aware that this has happened, and then face extradition and imprisonment.
As well as a favourable economic climate, the need for structural adjustments was confirmed in both Amsterdam and Denver.
To date, the attempt to open up to the outside world had proved successful when coupled with good access to foreign markets. Furthermore, as Commissioner Bangemann remarked, the flow of investment had been most beneficial.
   . Commissioner, as you know, the European Parliament has been following very closely the current process of negotiations with Mercosur, a region with which we Europeans have significant links, not just economic ones, but also historical, political and cultural links.
Too often, candidates find that management is chaotic, and that selection is based on financial circumstances.
In the EU Members States all men and women enjoy freedom and make use of it in various ways as they see fit, and an example of this would be the way that women devote more time to looking after children more than men do.
Of course, I acknowledge that there is still much to be done.
This amounts to a defensive attitude, to damage limitation, whereas what we need is a fresh approach, innovation and quality.
As the saying goes, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Therefore, we need to show maximum openness to the interested nations, including Mr Milinkevich's home country.
We need to listen to Mr Reynders, the Belgian Minister for Finance, when he says that we should not go beyond the measures that society can bear in Greece, because that will destroy growth and the country will not recover.
President-in-Office. - (SL) As you all know, in June 2007 the European Council invited its Secretary-General, the High Representative Javier Solana, and the European Commission to present a joint document on how climate change affects international security.
Secondly, we need to consider respect for human rights, a flower in the eye of Parliament. We should ensure that the bilateral agreements between individual states and countries which do not offer any guarantee to that effect, should no longer take place, particularly when they have to be made with countries such as Iraq that have destructive military arsenals which place the populations of an entire region in danger.
A large majority of the personal representatives of the Ecofin Ministers supported our approach.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
(Laughter)
I hope that it will be swiftly implemented, and for that reason it would be wise if this Parliament showed moderation in the number of projects.
The Commission has not provided anything new.
How shall we then answer that charge?
There should ideally be gradual retirement and voluntary retirement rather than compulsory retirement.
Along with the weakness I have mentioned, we should note the absence, for budgetary reasons, of European offices from that region, which has enormous potential but is also a simmering volcano.
One of our main successes has been the preservation of the tried and tested national safety marks such as the German 'GS' symbol.
Detainees are free to leave the UK at any time to return to their country of origin, and have a right of appeal against the decision.
This is a tidal wave that we have to stop, and better passports alone will not solve this matter.
These are the things that the future of Europe should be about.
The postal business has been deregulated in Sweden.
We were a few millimetres from agreement, when the Presidency and the Commission had succeeded in getting most of the delegations to move kilometres, and that is really something to regret.
This means that the issue of employment and unemployment will be addressed at the level of prime ministers and presidents.
It is extraordinary that he should talk about bringing the European Parliament closer to the people when his government is about to impose a system of proportional representation on the United Kingdom which is, as I understand it - and we are still waiting to find the definition - a closed list system.
By means of regional cooperation on their part, the ACP States are to be put in a position to develop their own functioning markets, which are necessary if there is to be greater trade with us in both goods and services.
This is the essential precondition for collaboration in 1997, the work programme for which I have presented this morning.
The fight against these unscrupulous people therefore needs to be more effective and better reflect reality.
Article 230(4) of the Treaty already provides for this and is therefore sufficient.
I want to say to you that I am President of all Europeans, and I have to express my political opinions before all the citizens.
Madam President, the Union treaty makes it our duty to create an area of freedom, security and justice for Europe's citizens.
(Interjections from the floor from various Members)
Keep it up and you will indeed be the ones receiving the human rights prize!
Ayman, 13 years old, who was going to school with his schoolbag on and was shot dead, is the symbol of the barbarity to which an army of military occupation can stoop, just as, obviously, it is barbarous that Hamas should send Palestinian children to throw bombs at Israeli citizens.
However, the rapporteur, Mr Cercas, who deserves congratulations, and the shadow rapporteur of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, Mr Silva Peneda, and all the members of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality and, above all, the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, did their very best, even if their opinions differed, to reconcile the differences.
Mr President, one parliamentary priority is also to address an alarming situation where the Human Rights Council's activities have resulted in extreme politicisation.
   . – Madam President, the intention of the proposed regulation is to harmonise the different national provisions on the addition of vitamins and minerals and of certain other substances to foods.
Schools should be closely involved in pilot projects regarding the introduction of the euro, particularly at the early stage.
I should like to finish by thanking the members of the delegation office there who were so helpful to us.
We want not a weaker but a stronger Commission.
On the other hand, the EU budget has progressively moved its priorities towards financing the neoliberal, federalist and militaristic policies of the EU.
I am also prepared, if a - let us say - problem case should arise, to discuss with the Member concerned how one might best remedy it.
I thank all of you very much.
Foreign Minister Kerim was invited to discussions with the EU' s President-in-Office and High Representative Solana in conjunction with the General Affairs Council of 19 March.
I deplore that.
We do need to especially bear that in mind at this moment.
The Commission remains firmly committed to concluding the Agreement with Mercosur as soon as it is technically and politically feasible.
I hope, Commissioner Barnier, that the Commission can come up with a concrete proposal for altering the Treaty, which we shall then discuss.
On 11 March, the Commission adopted the communication to the Council and the European Parliament entitled ‘Wider Europe – Neighbourhood: a new framework for relations with our eastern and southern neighbours’, which describes the new series of neighbourhood policies that the enlarged European Union should adopt with the countries sharing its direct land and sea borders.
These rights are enshrined either in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, in national bodies of legislation and in conventions between management and unions.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, like the earlier ones, this latest diktat from the World Trade Organization in this banana war is deeply disagreeable in tone, not to say unacceptable to the European Union.
We need to see incorporated into European cooperation a compulsory system for integrating environmental considerations into all areas, something which will happen with the Sixth Environmental Action Programme as the environmental pillar for the strategy during the next few years.
Therefore, the EU also has a role, via its Member States, in drawing attention to the vulnerable position of the Roma and in facilitating their integration into society.
During the vote on the budget each year Parliament has shown constant support for this issue.
The Commission, through Commissioner De Gucht, and a large majority of the Member States - adding their voice to the statements made by President Obama - have already condemned this initiative.
We need to come up with a solution to this; otherwise, the divide will only get bigger.
Similarly, access to information must be provided, irrespective of each spouse's financial situation.
If Europe wants a single market with free movement of people, goods, services and capital, it should also lay down high social and environmental standards that offer protection and set an example to the rest of the world.
It is our duty to make use of all the available tools in an ethical and responsible manner.
In contrast, the current incentive regimes, and in particular all matters relating to the application of the social and environmental clauses, have had little success, as only two beneficiary countries, Sri Lanka and Moldova, which are not exactly giants of global trade, benefit from the social clause.
Negotiations are under way with both Lebanon and Syria.
I hope that drawing attention to individual one-stop shops which are good examples will be followed by greater efforts to improve the operation of all of them, so that they really will serve small and medium-sized enterprises.
Is it not true that everything comes from China?
The result is sobering.
From the point of view of the security and welfare of our common home, both eastern and southern neighbours are equally important to us.
If it is impossible tomorrow to reach agreement on the right legal basis, then I would prefer to refer this back to my committee and to take time to decide on a proper legal basis, because we all know that non-ODA actions are necessary.
MEPs have also underlined the need to ensure greater transparency by multinational companies on their tax compliance in developing countries, notably the extractive industries, by ensuring country-by-country reporting.
It will be apparent from what I have said that we are thinking very much along the same lines.
If we Europeans do not speak out ... it will not be phased out overnight, but if we do not phase out nuclear power, we must stop talking about nuclear safety.
So rather than erecting a new wall, I believe that the euro will facilitate the integration of the candidate countries.
That is why it gave rise to a lot of questions beforehand.
This is a country that keeps troops in an EU Member State, and is not the first and only country to adjust to EU requirements.
However, I also know that not all those guilty of terrorist attacks were tried in Italy.
Today, it is a crisis factor in itself.
With ill-defined portfolios and weakened powers, this Commission will lack the means to act and will certainly be more inclined to preserve national interests than the European interest.
Such choices, indeed, are a valid and intrinsic part of local political life.
As I said before, the only one not to have set a target date is Poland.
For this we do not need the return of national border controls.
I would dwell at length on what are the guiding principles of this proposal, but I shall limit myself to considering growth and employment.
Ladies and gentlemen, Parliament has completed its agenda.
We have already made some headway in the fight against fraud.
We shall require, first of all, in a fundamental way, respect for minorities, respect for human rights, a stop to police brutality and a willingness to have a constructive dialogue with the European Union.
That approach takes the form of a framework directive establishing general principles applicable to takeover bids, without making any attempt to achieve detailed harmonization of the rules in force in the various Member States.
Furthermore, I welcome the Commission's decision regarding a 'stress test' on oil drillings in EU waters.
It is also important to remember - and this has also been said - that we cannot now cut the funds for the refugees living on the frontier.
There were an incredible number of ambiguities and instances of overlapping with other legislation, and we have now removed 'paper and pulp' and 'minerals and ores', these being important areas that do not, however, belong in this proposal.
We do not have many months.
If the President of the Council of Ministers required to see a monument to the success to the Turin conference, then obviously he would have been greatly disillusioned and disappointed here this morning when he came to report on the conference to the European Parliament.
This report should achieve greater clarity, and Mr Lannoye has evidently put a great deal of effort into it.
The ELDR Group believes that the dialogue with Turkey must continue on issues such as the acceptance of Kurdish migrants in the region and the improving of human rights generally. On these matters too, both the European Commission and the Council must keep Parliament properly informed.
(FR) Madam President, as part of the Europe 2020 Strategy, these Employment Guidelines must address three major challenges.
Mr Burg is now appealing to Israel’s friends to intervene.
Therefore, we must work along these lines and accept that our policy will have certain effects.
in writing. - (PL) Ladies and Gentlemen, many topics have been touched on in this debate.
in writing. - We must ensure that airport security charges are transparent, objective and based on clear criteria that reflect real costs.
It certainly influenced the debate on the moratorium on the death penalty.
Mr President, on behalf of my outgoing colleagues and myself I would like to assure you that I have never regretted my resignation as much as at this moment.
We must also realise that no compensation will totally make up for the financial loss and, above all, the loss of morale.
Such an attitude by Russia does nothing to foster reconciliation between Russia and the states of eastern Europe and the Baltic which have regained their freedom.
After all, European policy not only offers added value through a high level of consumer protection, but also, and to a significant extent, it enables those consumers to enjoy the full benefits of the internal market.
I am also clear about the fact that we should not use Turkmenistan and the Interim Agreement as a hostage in order to shift the balance of power between the European institutions.
These days project funding in the human rights area is turning into the personal business of some senior European Union officials.
In other words, would it not be better for the euro to be the same on both sides?
They can both contribute to the process, but the chief responsibility lies with the Member States, and a great deal of time has been lost here because Member States have not done their homework.
The extensive concentration on the demand side in the form of supermarkets is not backed by reinforced producer organisations in the sector itself.
The Minutes approved reflect what the President has said.
I think that this offers an absolutely crucial opportunity to reaffirm the important role played by transport policy at European level in the current context with the debate on the Europe 2020 objectives going on.
Indeed, Mr Maroni has announced that a law which has just entered into force will provide incentives for young couples.
The experience we are gaining is too expensive, but is very instructive.
But now comes the big 'but' . When it is a question of applying this to human beings, of manipulating human beings, I think we cannot be strict enough.
In contrast to a committee of inquiry, which in this case would serve no purpose, this would be a constructive initiative.
I was glad to hear the representative of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development say that they would settle for the four-month advance that would involve coming forward from January 2002.
This is why the proposals to improve the living conditions of women in rural areas, by, for example, creating education and training infrastructures at all levels, promoting equal access to the labour market, providing incentives to encourage women's entrepreneurship and developing high-quality social and health services, are essential for sustainable rural development.
In summary, the MDG contracts project will only be an opportunity to improve the effectiveness of our aid if it is defined very clearly, along with its conditions of eligibility, execution and evaluation.
However, if our policies are going to be effective, we must distinguish between man-made and natural climate change.
I have heeded this advice, because taking careful steps in the socio-political arena is something which for me, as a Dane, is a very important point to emphasize.
We in the Union and the Member States must just take responsibility for ensuring that the negotiations on the Constitutional Treaty reach a conclusion so that the timetable for the European Parliament elections in 2009 can be put in place.
I told them all that North Korea poses a threat to peace and security, not just within the region; and, I should add, not just in its nuclear activities but also in its attitude towards missile proliferation.
It is the final chance for the Council to decide at last to back the opinion of the European Parliament advocating a suspension of the association agreement with Israel until its forces withdraw from the occupied territories.
This system still protects us from the shortcomings that exist throughout the world.
I believe that the directive is really important, because the problem of market security exists, as the scandals that have come to light have highlighted even more.
What matters now is to combine these individual steps into a total concept.
This report and the ecological disasters that it claims to manage are a reminder to us of how urgent it is to abandon nuclear energy.
A comprehensive solution is needed for them at EU level, which requires close cooperation between the European Commission's various directorates too.
We are not talking about the very distant future.
These amendments address aspects not covered in the joint resolution, and we thought it would be appropriate to include them.
There is apparently no independent institution that scrutinises the Bank's activities.
Every state, both in the EU and in the rest of the world, has the right to own and shape its own development.
With regard to the fight against direct or indirect discrimination on the basis of gender, that policy has proved a complete success in the European Union.
It is understandable that the Commission cannot tell us today how it intends to divide up a budget that has not yet even been adopted, but I do believe that it certainly should be giving consideration to how to go about providing these trans-European networks with the funding that they will need.
A forthcoming communication will outline new proposals in order to frame the development of a comprehensive framework for crisis prevention and correction in the euro area through recourse to the new Article 136 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
I think that really does make things clearer.
This goes for deaths caused by tobacco, and in other areas it also goes for road deaths and deaths caused by alcohol.
However, I am forced to admit that the worry lines on my fellow Members' brows and - as far as I can see from here, on your brow, too, Mr Fischler - are still as deep as ever.
On the other side of that coin, however, are higher production costs and lower competitiveness in a number of sectors that are coming under global pressure, especially from Asian economies unfamiliar with these standards.
They are claiming, wrongly, that this would outlaw financing of political parties that are opposed to the European Union.
In 2007, EU inward investment in China was EUR 7.16 billion, while China's inward investment in the EU was only EUR 0.6 billion.
Minus one percent next year will correspond to a Growth and Stability Pact of more than -3%.
The powerful countries will continue to evade the law, and, even here, some speakers such as Mr Poettering have told us that it was wrong for the Romanians to have agreed to conclude bilateral agreements, but the US, which pushed them into this, would not entertain any criticism whatsoever.
Mr Watson and Mr Collins also made a very clear point about the importance of the Lisbon Strategy and the need to keep Lisbon to the fore.
My vote in favour is based on the wisdom of this report, which not only embraces the innovations of the Treaty of Lisbon in matters of foreign policy and security, but also calls for greater coordination between the recently created European External Action Service, the Member States and the Commission.
It is our task here in Parliament to ensure that the internal market is carried into effect.
These deficiencies must therefore be overcome.
The Council has, however, signalled that it will not adopt any amendment to the financial perspectives - not even between categories.
A second annual report on the functioning and development of SOLVIT will be available in April 2006 and will allow the European Parliament to further monitor the situation.
As is also provided in the second recital of Protocol No 6 of the Swedish Act of Accession, these rules are currently being reviewed in the context of the Commission's proposals on reforming the Structural Funds.
In view of a possible compromise with Parliament, which has stressed the need to protect consumers from price increases on standard postal services, and with regard to Amendments Nos 6, 9 and 10, the Commission could agree to widening the proposed scope of postal services that may qualify for a reduced rate so as to include standard postal services relating to items of up to 10 kg in weight.
We feel that the compromise proposal of an automatic rota system with a guidance panel with diminished powers, as put forward by the Council, has some definite disadvantages.
He cooks, he shops, but he's not so good at making the bed!
The Commission has actively contributed to launching the Northern Dimension environmental partnership, with its support fund for environmental and nuclear projects in Northwest Russia.
(Laughter)
This is not a burden that we can leave the individual Member States to bear, not least because it would be heavier for some Member States than others.
Before the end of 1998, the Commission will carry out a study analysing the extent to which the principles included in the recommendation have been applied.
In this regard, we need to emphasise the importance of the agreements returning to Parliament to obtain our approval.
These days, refugees mostly hail from further afield, look different to western Europeans, and there is far less understanding for the situation from which they are fleeing.
Might I ask you to look at the role of the parliamentary delegations in this particular area?
So, we are now calling for referral back to committee.
The answer given to Mr Colom i Naval's question obliges me to put a second one.
You have brought a very special conviction to the fight against terrorism and in doing so you have brought dignity to the democratic purpose of this House.
I would especially draw your attention to Amendment No 45, in which a choice is made in favour of laying the cost of disassembly and recycling at the door of the manufacturer, for new cars at any rate.
I therefore expect an answer.
That was five years ago, I repeat five years ago.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to look at another aspect of these agreements.
The news includes accounts of cruel murders, assaults, rape, and the burning of homes and places of worship.
I should like to briefly update you on what has been happening in the Netherlands recently.
In spite of the decision that the UK Government has taken on Britain not joining the single currency in the first phase I think that the vast majority of people in this House recognise that it is the determination of the new government and of the presidency to safely and securely bring about the final phase of the EMU.
It aims to learn lessons from the tragic 'Bayer affair' at the very time when the problems posed by the molecule cerivastatin have been raised once again in the United States.
Such agreement is, by its very nature, always a compromise but, as I said, we all have reason to be satisfied with this particular compromise.
Commissioner, it is always useful to hear your recommendations on the practical aspects of the euro. I do get the idea, however, that you are not overly concerned.
The review of Construction Products Directive 89/106/EEC in this context is a much needed boost which should help the sector, specifically by removing barriers to trade for manufacturers, on the one hand, and by helping companies stay in business and workers remain in employment, on the other.
We therefore expect ambitious initiatives from you and your team.
However, it is sad that Mrs Záborská didn't follow her logic to its conclusion and forgot the only measure which would really be able to give both freedom of choice and promote a rise in birth rates by getting rid of the financial constraint, namely, the parental wage that the Front National has been advocating for years.
A point that has been missed in this debate, as Mr Landsbergis has just reminded us and as Mr van Dalen reminded us earlier, is that this is a proposal.
Only 15% of Germans are in favour of Turkey gaining full membership of the European Union , 60% of Germans support that special form of cooperation that we call a privileged partnership, 22% are generally against cooperation between Turkey and the European Union and only 3% expressed no opinion.
We would ask the Committee to ensure that the internal market is not disrupted.
The action which the Commission can take relates to the specific guidelines.
The thorough grooming proposed today allows European farmers to keep the positive aspects of multifunctionality by strengthening rural development, the system of modulation allowing them to pass from the first to the second pillar.
It considers the Commission on Human Rights to be an appropriate framework for promoting this objective.
I have endeavoured to direct this work in such a way that the new Commission will be free to decide when it wants to bring forward this innovation act.
The extent of child poverty is staggering, since, as my fellow Members have mentioned, every fifth child lives in poverty, and of course this is very closely linked to leaving school early.
Can you categorically confirm there is no BSE in other Member States, other than from the export of British animals?
Vice-President of the Commission. - (FR) I am happy to reply to Mrs Jensen's question.
There are a few points which I should like to make about some of what has been said.
Only in this way can it be successfully promoted and marketed. And innovation is ultimately also of benefit to consumers, who consequently have access to better and better products.
This is a report of the kind which discusses how crime and criminal activity should be prevented through effective cooperation between the Member States.
Huge challenges lie ahead.
I especially wish to thank those who did the groundwork for me and who have supported me in this complicated, but interesting work.
I believe it should be put through as is.
On each occasion, I firmly reiterated our expectations with regard to how the opposition should be dealt with.
The Swedish example before liberalisation is an illustration of this.
Polish fishermen have joined the increasing criticism of the archaic data base that is too heavily based on estimates.
As is well known, the United States and Russia are developing a new alternative to the Convention: controlled and self-destructing mines.
Today's vote paves the way for REACH to enter into force at the beginning of the second half of 2007.
It is quite clear from the annexes that the radio equipment must also undergo the necessary tests.
The Commission, Mr Rehn, must not be afraid of doing this.
We are conscious that in some circumstances such sanctions can hurt the very people they are designed to help.
We call for this country to respect the right of the opposition, which we all know receives extremely poor treatment.
The effect of this will be that thousands of employees on the Baltic will lose their jobs, and tens of thousands of employees at factories that work with the shipyards, both in Poland and in other EU countries, will likewise be out of work.
It is vital that we succeed this time round, and I support the Irish presidency’s desire to clarify in advance whether we can achieve a positive outcome.
As we strive to make migrants integrate, it is especially important to give more support to language courses; integration is a dual process, in which migrants and the host country participate.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
The extra burden associated with this on the environment may perhaps be reduced if the VAT directive is amended.
Revision of the directive on waste electrical and electronic equipment should give consideration to goals which are not only ambitious, but which are also more realistic from the point of view of the new Member States.
We must therefore continue with our efforts.
I call on the rating agencies to shed further light on how they determine their sovereign ratings, while also asking the sector to explain their methodologies and why their ratings diverge from the forecasts of the main international financial institutions.
This must be done with the Member States, who share the responsibility for implementation, and in a constructive dialogue with the social partners.
On the whole, the Commission has responded positively, and this now has to be set within the context of the more general Commission reform.
Jean-Claude Trichet is, as every French person knows, one of the instigators of a policy that sacrifices, which has sacrificed and which continues to deliberately sacrifice growth to the Malthusian dogma of stability.
A structural line of attack, on the other hand, taking the principles of rule of law into consideration - and the latter is vitally important - is very welcome.
It took real moral courage to write this sentence 20 years after the war, when the suffering that Poland had experienced under Nazi occupation was still fresh in people’s minds.
Fisheries needs to stand on their own two feet.
We have brought the document as far as we can with the Commission, but I would say that, if we vote for it today, you must immediately instruct our Committee on Constitutional Affairs to take up the question of delineating the rules in the House that will make it easier for rapporteurs to make requests either of their chairmen or of the other bodies named in this document.
These three changes are all pragmatic improvements to the previous institutional architecture but, taken together with the fact that the European Council now becomes an institution in its own right, they give the European Council a better chance of fulfilling its task under the treaties of '[defining] the general political directions and priorities [of the Union]'.
For the ferry companies in those countries, today's decision will have no far-reaching consequences.
Sellafield is the most famous.
I am very aware of the fact that as soon as a social directive is issued, very extensive discussions on employment will follow immediately.
Given the fact that attacks on information systems are constantly increasing, it is a critical time to have effective security measures in place in order to protect the integrity of Europe's information systems.
Or, as the late, great Elvis Presley said: "It's now or never, ....
The Commission also cannot accept Amendment No 14, because that would disturb the overall balance of the proposal.
You have my word that these areas of health will be regulated.
Václav Havel provides me with the words and thoughts I need to express my feelings and conclude my remarks this afternoon.
In the case in point, the plan is seemingly to make the European Parliament express an essentially negative opinion on a Lithuanian law - the full content of which is unknown - with the laudable aim of protecting minors, while surreptitiously imposing a position that the individual Member States have been left to establish at their own discretion.
Even European law specialists hold fundamentally different views about how this matter can, or will, actually be fleshed out in reality.
Without these, this strategy cannot be implemented.
There are countless regulations here and these are of course very important in the individual countries.
This might be appropriate in some cases, but there are also sectors which should be collectivised in order to provide social security for our citizens.
I accept however that there are those in Russia, outside the government, who are not committed to a positive relationship and who might deliberately misinterpret our motives.
That clearly manifests our position.
What will it do for me?
Martens Report (A4-0274/97)
We should therefore maintain the practice of observing elections, but we must not limit ourselves to such actions in the fight to establish an authentic liberal democracy.
I tell you that if I were to behave on my farm in the way that much of industry, including the food industry, does, people would not come back; or, if they did, it would be with a stick in order to teach me a lesson!
I see it as absolutely scandalous that, for example, only eight Member States have to date started to offer national programmes for mammography screening to all, even though, according to WHO, this cuts the mortality rate by up to 36%, and even though the quality guidelines for this were presented as long ago as 1992.
This is in preference to highlighting the differences between countries with small, traditional ships that sail out all year round and countries with large, state-of-the-art ships which need to remain docked for part of the time.
Madam President, I just want to make it clear that although I was present I did not take part in the vote, because it seems to me that this is the first time we have voted on nothing in this Parliament!
I have voted in favour of the report, because it adequately presents the many factors involved.
Mr President, could I begin by congratulating Mr Parish on bringing forward a very excellent report.
Police numbers are being cut and prisoners are being released because we cannot afford to keep them in prison.
We need comprehensive protection in this area.
We must be fully aware of the fact that intervening in the immediate post-crisis phase means that we have to accept higher political and technical risks.
The Green Paper provides a response to a real need on the part of Member States to promote the image of their agricultural products, especially the benefits in terms of quality, both among European consumers and consumers in other countries.
Today nations are as interdependent as they once were independent.
The Council has taken no decision on the need to adopt a social clause in the WTO rules or to exert pressure on countries practising social dumping.
Will measures and programmes be introduced to combat corruption?
Where we in the Socialist Group have a reservation is on the legal control of subsidiarity.
This does not pose a threat to individual privacy, but it does represent a boost to enhanced security at football matches.
I would also advocate market regulation in the dairy sector, from production to marketing.
I appreciate that there are women's movements working to enhance the dignity of women.
Why more stringent standards should apply in the area of animal nutrition than do in the field of food production, is incomprehensible.
The European Parliament puts that famous expression 'do as I say, not as I do' into practice.
I have a related point.
the recommendation for second reading, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on the Council common position (05726/2/2008 - C6-0223/2008 - for adopting a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on common rules and standards for ship inspection and survey organisations (recast) (Rapporteur: Luis de Grandes Pascual).
The report by the heads of mission, published on 15 September, states that although it appears that inter-ethnic intolerance has increased, the incidents – however disquieting – have generally been on a small scale and there does not seem to be a clear trend.
The impact of a reformed agricultural policy is one of the variables the new financial consensus will need to take into account. Others will be actual convergence in the areas classed as Objective 1 at the time, and the statistical effect will have an impact on that.
22.
One might question the wisdom of choosing this slow, drawn-out aid procedure instead of other faster, more effective forms of aid that would have already reached Pakistan by now.
If your question had to do with the position of the German Government, then I hope that the answer I have given is sufficient for you.
Instead, I would like to see this become 'archipelago regions' , in other words, areas where water divides the land and brings with it the need for a totally different social structure.
However, when it comes the possibility of the Member States concluding the agreements themselves, as a nationalist I am of course pleased with this and hope that it is not a process that is necessarily limited in scope and time.
This concludes my comments on the Berès report.
Friends must speak clearly to each other; it is with friends that we must maintain good relations and also speak very honestly.
It is absolutely essential that we rewrite the rules but we cannot ask working people to pay a price - which amounts to bankruptcy in many European countries - which is not theirs to pay.
You, Mr Santer, have repeatedly said that one of your priorities was to strengthen or introduce a new budgetary and administrative culture.
In this respect, though, there is still quite a bit to be done.
(HU) I am very pleased that by signing up to the most fundamental European human rights document, the European Union is taking another step towards developing a truly unified Europe and is enhancing its credibility when it intervenes against human rights violations in third countries.
Some of the proposals not accepted by the Council have since been reinstated and attempts have been made to clarify others.
Remember the European company: we have not yet reached unanimity over the European company, but hundreds of thousands of companies are demanding it.
WTO Millennium Round
This means being open and accommodating.
Mr Ruffolo, a stable and credible euro will not, in the medium and long term, be a consequence of monetary policy, either solely or even primarily.
Ladies and gentlemen, the establishment of the European External Action Service is an exceptional project and particularly worthy of support.
The Turkish Court of Appeal' s decision to uphold the death sentence pronounced on the Kurdish leader, Abdullah Öçalan, was worrying, although expected.
When it came to the presidential elections, two candidates were pre-selected at the outset, so that, when one of them was elected and newly legitimised, they would say yes where the French wanted to say no.
We also need to see how many percent by way of a reduction we can manage with and over what period of time.
We did not, however, have any objection to Mr Buttiglione’s being appointed to another Commission post.
It seems that many of their people believe it is all a matter for government.
The Commission states in its report that there is nothing to indicate that free movement has led to disturbances in any Member State.
Implementing these measures is only one part of a huge initiative intended to increase and facilitate the frequency with which security and defence-related public procurement projects will be undertaken, obviously in accordance with international conventions.
   Mr President, gender equality should not be something with which we concern ourselves on just one day per year.
If we go for 150 grammes it will lead to a failure of the agreement. The Council common position will unravel, and collapse.
As you know, the European Training Foundation was born out of the political will expressed by the heads of state and government when they met here in Strasbourg in December 1989.
It is apparent that these policies are becoming increasingly dependent on the EU’s ability to conclude Partnership and Cooperation Agreements on returns, readmissions, the strengthening of capacities, border control and police and judicial cooperation, or in other words on a set of agreements with third countries which are not subject to codecision.
   . – Mr President. Commissioner, I am pleased to see you, a female Member of the Commission, here on International Women’s Day.
Even though he wrote that thousands of years ago, his appeal is still extremely topical.
Family reunification measures must be adopted in accordance with the obligation to protect family life and the prohibition of discrimination.
It will continue at 3 p.m.
In this case, it will be France who will bear the major costs of enlargement and of the cap on spending.
Why can modern democracies not meet the standards expected of civilised societies in this matter?
The Committee came to an agreement that there would be no place in this report for the provisions to be worked out for the services directive, and that we would, instead, discuss these issues in the report on that directive, which is where they belong.
This issue is becoming increasingly important in Union policy and this Communication is a step in this direction.
I consider the applause which you gave Mr Solana this morning and now the applause for the speech made by Mr Cohn-Bendit to be opportunism of the worst kind.
I do not think that there is much of a distinction of substance to be drawn between this case and the way in which corrupt African regimes grant licenses for the extraction of raw materials, with part of the license fees or indeed of the proceeds going straight into the ruler's personal bank account.
They have promised to send the Commission a detailed report on the events which took place, and also on the actions taken in order to guarantee respect for the fundamental rights of all persons concerned.
Mr President, the prospect of Europol as an effective instrument to combat organised crime has been held out for longer than I have been in this House.
Thirdly, every constitutional obstacle to the application of the European arrest warrant needs to be removed.
These measures and a definition of the sharing of responsibilities between the EU and the Member States will contribute to creating the conditions for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to invest abroad.
These were three difficult years that presented numerous challenges.
(ES) Madam President, this afternoon's debate clearly reveals that this House supports and is indeed set on achieving a strong common agricultural policy that can rise to the challenges of food safety, environmental sustainability and employment in rural areas.
How is the fund to be made up?
We cannot escape from this reality and we also need to consider it from a European perspective, because the situation demands it.
They have warned against the creation of a European superstate and denounced shortcomings, and they have come out in opposition to mistakes made in the past.
This was an issue which Ken Stewart fought long and hard for in his years in this Parliament and he would be most pleased that the Commission is investigating this.
Many colleagues have indicated that they would like to speak.
The murder of Maskhadov, Chechnya’s elected president, will not make a political solution any easier.
The Commission begs to differ.
That is why there is a separate budget line.
This report follows on, to a certain extent, from the report which I produced for the European Parliament at the same point two years ago.
In the Commission's plan of action, which the PPE Group endorses, as Arie Oostlander's excellent report made clear, discrimination based on race, origin and creed is to be combated more effectively by means of practicable measures.
This issue has been furthered both through political statements and in the form of funding on the part of the Commission to the tune of EUR 500 000 in order to consolidate the first stage of the peace process.
I think we should go for new success and give the company better opportunities by letting it be independent and not involved in political decision-making.
Without doubt, we will need to maintain the balance struck, as a result of detailed consultation with those directly involved, between the needs of industry and the promotion of research, on the one hand, and animal welfare, on the other.
We have therefore voted against this report.
You know that there are no health criteria.
We are still considering whether it is wise, possible or viable to have a fund which can be more easily used to react to, prevent, or prepare for natural catastrophes.
We have held inter-parliamentary conferences here in this House, with an ever-increasing number of participants from the parliaments.
The European Union is naturally prepared to study other formulae along with the Russians for funding which bring the standard of living of the inhabitants of Kaliningrad into line with the general economic context of the area surrounding it, essentially the two Member States, Poland and Lithuania, which we hope will very soon be members of our Union.
You will understand, however, that I am a stickler for dogma and that I am obliged to take the texts into account, otherwise I could be blamed for this.
According to ECB estimates, some four fifths of unemployment is structural in nature.
I do not think that has so far been adequately discussed.
That should remind us where intolerance and racism lead - and this European Union must ensure that it never happens again.
in writing. - 'Every person shall have the right to life.
Now, at second reading, the rapporteur, Mrs Rothe, and the shadow rapporteurs have continued to improve the proposals.
Of course, we should add to these the consideration of culture in the structural fund, which is a fundamental matter.
A knowledge-based economy requires a high level of education, as the text states, but it makes no mention of the fact that a high level of education has to be based on schooling that is also high quality right from a child’s first years at school.
Also, Mr Lyon alone referred to the historical basis.
It was incredibly worthwhile bringing together three minority groups, as they are termed, in one and the same report.
I do not believe that by introducing special categories of workers, we can fulfil our aims of providing basic level protection for all workers in the transport industry.
Yet this was just another dream.
Mr Seeber has underlined that any future climate change regime will have to build on broad participation on all major emitters and that is of key importance if our cooperation is to be truly efficient.
The Council keeps pointing out the necessity for cohesion at all levels in the implementation of international agreements on the environment.
He insisted upon placing the rope around her neck himself.
Mr President, I am grateful to Mr Sylla for withdrawing these two amendments.
If you think about it for just a moment you will soon come to the conclusion that this cannot be true.
First, it must not reverse the progress already made towards integration. I specifically share the concern expressed by Commissioner Barnier in this regard.
I was surprised that Mr Batten thought his group would be affected.
I believe that the report that is now before us will receive broad support in this House.
We must reduce all unnecessary emissions and reduce transport.
It states the following: "In the case of shortage of certain plasma products, and solely with regards to the importation into the EU from countries outside of the EU, the Member States may permit exemptions to the directive provided the quality and safety requirements laid down are met."
I have listened to the somewhat equivocal talk and silences on the part of the Council which, in my view, need clarifying.
Together, these two categories of results involve huge reductions in legal certainty and, if this development continues, the criterion of success we shall be able, in a few years’ time, to use in characterising the EU project will be the blackly humorous one found in the saying, ‘The operation was a success, but the patient died.’
That is the way things are. Anything else would also, of course, be objectionable, unacceptable and impossible for the politicians in the new Member States to hold referendums on.
The problems in the EU fisheries and aquaculture sector should be solved in the context of the forthcoming review of the common fisheries policy.
We in Parliament have a role to play here, in ensuring that we remain aware of the Ombudsman's role and informing citizens of this right.
At the top of the list we have life, which is sacred, life and above all the embryo.
That is the purpose of the new regulation, which replaces a directive and at the same time tightens up the conditions that companies must meet.
This policy of sanctions is based on well-defined principles of human rights and international law, which are fortified by numerous UN and Union documents.
Ultimately, the areas of private life, data protection and the rights of citizens are also affected, and potentially, also jeopardised by this.
There will be close liaison between the force commander and the OSCE representative in Tirana.
It is not a case of our interfering in the internal affairs of that country but, on the contrary, of helping the Kyrgyz people to once again trust in democracy.
The time has come for us to take this risk in a last attempt to put an end to this barbaric practice which is such an insult to the human family.
No Member State on its own can effectively resolve the problems of air traffic control or safety in the air.
I am sure, Mr President, that in this way we will be able to avoid an exponential increase in measures, duplicated criteria as well as- and I shall end here - excessive transposition work, in order to ensure the best possible future for the enlargement of the Union.
Or alternatively, no software program is patentable: they all fall under the international laws of copyright.
However, I have to say to you that my group deplores the fact that several dossiers at this moment are blocked in Council.
These choices are the responsibility of the Member States, which must freely decide what their energy mix will be.
We therefore have a situation that is out of kilter, in that the laws impose equality but society continues to accept a model that fails to value work undertaken by women.
On the global sourcing aspect, an alternative solution would have been to limit the provision to catches inside the 200-mile exclusive economic zone (EEZ), rather than in any waters.
I hope that the report is adopted without difficulty here tomorrow.
European Council in Cardiff - activities during the British presidency
The associated legal and financial obligations, such as, observing standards on wages and working conditions, and, the payment of taxes and social security contributions are also thereby externalised to subcontractors and employment agencies.
Europe must show greater courage, it must have the heart of a lion and not be a chicken.
In return Bulgaria, after many years of underdevelopment, will have to assume the challenges of reform, and the clear political will of the provisional Government to implement such reforms is heartening. This determination will, we hope, be ratified after the general elections on 19 April.
They are of Roma origin, they are forced to beg, they are not vaccinated, they do not go to school and they live in absolutely deplorable sanitary conditions.
The best measures will be ineffectual unless they are based on a correct diagnosis.
At the present stage, the allied forces are responsible for consolidating security and providing humanitarian aid with the presence of Member States of the European Union; however, the assistance and support of the international community as a whole are needed for there to be a fast, efficient and operational return to normalcy.
Having said all that, Romania is a very different country today, a very difference place from the Romania of ten years ago.
This proposal for a directive provides for prohibiting the use of gender as a factor in calculating insurance premiums and other financial services.
Prime Minister Aznar's words to the effect that we must all join forces to tackle the extremely thorny issue of illegal immigration are confirmation of the will for Europe to have a single foreign and security policy.
On that, Commissioner, I agree with you entirely.
The draft constitutional treaty also aims to strengthen that power.
Second, even if we stop growing tobacco in Europe, it does not mean that the reduction in European tobacco cultivation will reduce the smoking population.
The new regulation introduces many benefits.
   – The report, the Council and Commission decisions and the debate in the European Parliament coincide with the 7th anniversary of the dirty US-ΝΑΤΟ-ΕU war against Yugoslavia and the organised murder of Milosevic.
I am addressing the President-in-Office of the Council when I express my fervent hope that, particularly in this difficult situation, we shall succeed in arriving at a sensible, workable compromise regarding the Directive on energy end-use efficiency and energy services.
The Commission is committed to come up with relevant proposals, and to implement the actions to prevent and to combat various forms of criminal activities, organised or otherwise.
Sadly, it is not the first time that has happened in this Parliament.
The common agricultural policy must for that reason alone undergo far-reaching changes.
In 2005, we, the European Union, encouraged everyone in Ethiopia, including the representatives of the Oromo people, to take part in the elections in order to help introduce a democratic system.
Be that as it may, it has been great to work with you.
We must reach out to civil society and the media, and all the media seminars that are being planned by the Austrian Presidency are very welcome.
In the Treaty there is no common external security policy.
As far as I am concerned, I have done my duty and I too ask the Presidency for this point to be postponed, so as to allow Parliament to express its opinion.
They have a difficult balancing act to perform between tradition and the pressures of modernity.
This deprives consumers of the best that companies across Europe can offer in terms of choice, in terms of flexibility and, of course, price.
The key is to stamp it out in the world if at all possible.
Europeans, from now on, will be entitled to the right to withdraw from the contract when they purchase items on online auction platforms such as eBay.
The whole range of our concerns has been put before us in no more than some forty minutes, and I now find it difficult to respond to all these things with the necessary brevity.
What is more, if, during the construction of a home, there happens to be a building worker who is either foolish or dishonest, and does not pour the necessary amount of concrete into the foundations as called for in the design, then the home will be crooked.
Agriculture has become an industry.
The Swedish Conservatives have today, 25 February 2010, voted in favour of the resolution on Beijing +15 - UN Platform for Action for Gender Equality,.
As George Robertson has said, being ready for battle is like pregnancy: you either are or you are not!
With regard to the report by Mrs Kauppi, I believe that paragraph 16, on the mechanisms which have been applied and proposed - and which the Commission has already implemented - to resolve cross-border extrajudicial disputes relating to financial services, is essential to overcoming possible problems at Member State level.
Again Kosovo is evidence of this.
These values really look quite respectable.
I certainly hope that in the next few weeks we can sort this thing out.
Certain press reports have alleged that this is merely a formality.
Basically, all we did was to raise hopes and then dash them again.
Public money has a decisive role to play in halting the scourge of the rural exodus and people's descent into poverty when they reach the large cities, which leads to their emigrating out of despair.
The Commission has taken due note of the technical difficulties that could arise during the fitting of such instruments to existing vessels.
Nevertheless, if there is too much freedom, it could divert Hungary away from expressing its national identity and benefit only non-European productions.
At the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs some months ago we heard from some of the Italian prosecutors involved in the corruption trials in Italy.
Mr President, this afternoon we are due to vote on the Tillich report, but I would like to draw attention to an error.
Question No 62 by Carlos Bautista Ojeda (H-0471/02):
Our health systems are usually gender-blind.
(DE) Madam President, Commissioner, I believe that the regulation will allow us to achieve two main objectives: security on the one hand and a more citizen-friendly approach on the other.
Personally, I fully endorse the idea of ownership unbundling, but I am well aware that unbundling could under no circumstances be imposed in my country at this time.
Many of them, as those figures show, are children.
'Pays tribute to the participation of observers from third countries, such as Switzerland, Norway and Canada, in EU electoral observation missions'.
There should also be immediate 100% compensation for the animals slaughtered on these farms.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the resignation of the Commission was justified and necessary on the basis of the Wise Men's report, and I am pleased to see so many of my honourable colleagues coming out in support of this report and its outcome, even though they originally opposed the appointment of the Committee of Wise Men.
Once we have held the debate, I shall be able to inform the Institute of the position that the European Parliament has clearly adopted.
in writing. - (FR) What purpose is served by Mrs del Castillo Vera's report?
I would like to say to the honourable Members that yesterday, on the occasion of the meeting of the Council of Ministers for Transport, I said that if the Council had modified the Commission’s initial proposed projects – even if it was a single modification, dealt with and supported by the Van Miert Group, but which had not initially been given the green light by the States – we would have to allow Parliament to act in a similar way.
Each country should thus be able to refrain from receiving subsidies and so be able to reduce its total gross contribution to the EU.
Whilst I recognise the need for public debate on foreign and defence policy towards setting out Parliament's future policies on this matter, I welcome the drafting of this report and hope that the EU continues to develop an effective multilateralism, which is one of the hallmarks of its geostrategic concerns.
There was a lack of political imagination, and of a vision of a Europe fully committed to solidarity.
The problem of the firm then becomes a problem of various countries and a solution at the European level becomes very difficult.
We are going to have to take immediate action in both areas in order to fill the blank spaces in Ireland's blueprint as quickly as possible.
If we manage to highlight such positive aspects of the policies of the European Union and make people clearly aware of the benefits they derive from the European Union, we shall begin to restore public confidence in the Union.
As with that report, it is essential to appreciate just how important deep-water coral reefs are for the marine ecosystem.
The person with the strongest convictions must never simplify the debate to the point where that person is the only one expressing a point of view.
The main problem is that many refugees do not want to return to their homes if a different ethnic group is now in power.
And yet, for some reason during the past decade, an apathy, an ignorance about Europe or the European project has seeped into the Irish society, into European society.
I have listened carefully, not only to this discussion, but to other commentary on this proposal for some considerable time.
We also ask to be allowed to point out that big promises were made to the Norrland region of Sweden in connection with the referendum.
   – Madam President, I would like to thank, very warmly and most sincerely, all those Members of this House who have spoken, most of whom make the same speech in every debate on Turkey, in order to make it plain that they do not want Turkey or Turks in the European Union.
You will see that it is a serious matter.
By denying that, we do the people of Iraq a double disservice and the deaths go on.
As soon as an act of terrorism is suspected, the US authorities should be obliged to notify the corresponding judicial and police authorities in the Member States, as well as the corresponding EU institutions, namely Europol or Eurojust.
I wish to thank all the members and staff of the Court of Auditors for their good cooperation throughout the year and for the Court's recommendations, which are indispensable if the European Budget is to be put to good use and properly administered.
In these circumstances, I must find a balance.
In any case the debate is closed.
Mr President, I am speaking on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
What will happen after the election?
And, firstly, I would like to thank Mr van Velzen for the way in which he has accepted the conclusions of the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights - conclusions which were approved by a vote of 10 to 1 in favour - because, for reasons of procedure, he has made them his own by submitting them to this part-session as amendments.
Through the secretariat of the Johannesburg Renewable Energy Coalition we have launched two key initiatives to support, in particular, the developing country members of the coalition.
The Commission believes that the proposals constitute a good basis for an agreement for the next financial perspective.
This will prevent differing treatment within a single family.
We ought, though, to decide one way or another.
What an interesting idea!
I will go in a couple of weeks' time to Debrecen, in Hungary, to the 'Week of innovative regions of Europe' conference, where all the regions will come together to talk about the concept of smart specialisation.
In view of their cross-border nature, implementing these projects successfully will depend not only on providing funding but also on the political will and intentions of the Member States involved.
I found that the report could inspire a similar policy for countries with island regions, especially archipelagos and also mountainous areas, like my country, Greece.
That would entail the full publication of detailed information relating to the notification.
Energy efficiency is a priority policy for the European Union given the need to preserve and maximise resources and fulfil the commitments that it has made in combating climate change.
But let us not forget the international level, which goes beyond Europe, and here I would just mention the ISO standards as an example.
It is imperative that the GMO legislation should be revised and tightened up - and preferably now rather than in the future.
Dates of forthcoming sittings: see Minutes
Earth observation is particularly important in this respect.
This law is only one element in a series of worrying developments in Hungary.
Moreover, we are silent on the issue of Chechnya.
The Seppänen report makes an excellent proposal there.
Mr President, thank you, Commissioner, for your presentation.
I have to make clear to you that the Commission is unable to impose prices itself, but it can push for a downward revision of prices.
Mr President, honourable members of Parliament, I am very pleased to be here today, in the European Parliament, once again, after the debate we had prior to Cancún and now that the climate conference has produced an outcome.
How?
We can surely all agree on the adoption of the draft resolution, in the hope that measures initiated by the EU may assist the people of Zimbabwe, who are terrorised by their government, to reverse, with the assistance of civic and opposition leaders, the current difficult situation in the country by means that are as peaceful as possible.
This directive should not be extended, but limited.
It is the dimension, it is the relationship between migration and development, the relationship between the European Union and the developing world countries which are mainly countries of origin of immigrants and political refugees.
That is where the people are, that is where the truth is, that is where the problem is.
Madam President, I am sorry.
The debate is closed.
The EU has no excuse for not using the most advanced technical resources available, if using them can mean avoiding the loss of human life.
It is positive that the regulation avoids a one-size-fits-all approach.
Therefore, particularly in the interests of SMEs and consumers who, if they are going to believe in Europe, need clear, transparent and effective legislation, I hope that the Commission will very soon adopt this overall, consistent approach that we need in the field of food sector legislation.
In the Minutes of the Turin European Council we notice that, if Europe were to advance only in the economic and monetary fields, its success would not be guaranteed - I am quoting from memory here - because we would be forgetting the most important thing Europe has: its citizens.
I therefore ask the Commission to subject the agreement with Morocco to further careful scrutiny and not to sign it until it has undergone a further review.
Speaking on behalf of my group, I wish to announce our intention to make an issue of this.
There are still shortcomings and my colleagues who will speak later will deal with these.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, we welcome the progress made by the Republic of Moldova and hope that the forthcoming electoral process can further consolidate the democratic institutions and ensure respect for the rule of law and of human rights in Moldova.
The opinion polls, at least in France, show that the percentage of people who envisage opening an account in euros in the near future has been falling regularly since 1 January 1999 and today only constitutes a small minority.
Question No 40 by Elly Plooij-van Gorsel (H-0402/03):
The presidential security force, led by the dictator's son, responded to their protest rally on 22 January by killing 59 people and wounding 150 others.
For some years, however, the European economy has been in difficulty and this threatens one of the pillars of our Union: our economic and social model.
If there was a European foreign policy strategy already today, the equilibrium of the EU in that regard would be much better, for example, concerning the movements in the Arab world and the double or even triple standards applied towards the countries from this region.
The second is a stronger European Union that is more able to act externally than the EU of 1995, when the New Transatlantic Agenda was agreed; furthermore, soon it will be an EU buttressed with the Treaty of Lisbon's instruments on foreign policy and defence.
The people of Europe have a say in this matter and they must be respected.
I therefore welcome once more the principles we can see in the report by Mr Fernandes.
But may I take this opportunity to point out in all modesty that the European Parliament has cultivated very close relations with Latin American parliamentarians for years now; in fact, the longest-standing relations between the European Parliament and other parliaments are with Latin America and date back to the early 1970s.
In Amendment No 45 we have set up economic frameworks and want to have more money for things to do with energy and the environment.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, let me first thank Members for the discussion in this House, and make four points.
Likewise, whilst welcoming the proposals for hazard analysis and critical control points systems, the Agriculture Committee is concerned that there should be an assessment of their impact on small farmers and food processors, who should continue to be guided by clear regulations.
But they cannot be the only reason. The very fact that our trade with the regions in crisis, such as Russia, Brazil and South-East Asia, accounts for a minimal percentage of the GNP of the European Union shows that this factor is not solely responsible for the slowdown.
During their development, in July 2009, guidelines proposed by the Commission on state aid were adopted, establishing that banks needing financial aid to tackle the crisis should also be subjected to stress tests.
Mr President, I hate to have to prolong this further.
Independent trade unions have been among the key organisers of the opposition to the Lukashenko regime, but they are now fighting for their survival and existence under the tyranny.
However, there is no doubt that there is too much complacency about corporate governance issues in the United States and about the assumption that the Lisbon agenda will just in some way be delivered without there being marked change here within Europe.
One reason is the rain, of course, but another is that no measures to retain this water temporarily have been taken in the upper river basin.
Consequently, the principal challenge consists of effectively accommodating trade and non-trade concerns.
With regard to the structural measures, we can take satisfaction from the fact that the Commission is proposing to raise Structural Fund assistance rates and the public subsidy limit for the outermost regions, even though the aim is really to enable these regions to regain funding levels close to those in force in the previous programming period.
Yet improving infrastructure would cost more in my part of England than the whole of the budget allocated to this scheme.
Finally, with regard to structural policies, your rapporteur approves the Commission recommendations, whether they relate to product markets, services, capital or job markets.
In the meantime, the separatist conflict has already claimed over 120 000 victims.
However, this debate on the Luxembourg presidency has turned into a debate on the European crisis.
At this stage, then, in my humble opinion, we should be wary of delivering too many homilies to countries such as Bulgaria.
So awareness and education are the best policy, together with labelling, which is very important. We have letters; we have Eurobarometer.
In these conditions, it is very difficult, Mr President-in-Office, to force Yugoslavia to make that little extra effort that is still possible so that the situation in Kosovo does not explode.
We should like to see all the subsequent Presidencies showing this kind of goodwill.
Despite the pitfalls and the difficulties that we faced, we succeeded in reaching an agreement and we have this budget, which is much more than just a budget: it will also provide concrete results for the citizens with regard to mobility, youth, the Structural Funds that will be able to be released for those European regions that really need them, the External Action Service and the financial agencies.
That is to say, the Bolkestein directive is topical now more than ever!
Socrates Programme
It is not an easy proposal since it touches upon issues which involve many interests, sectors and different ministries in Member States, for instance culture, trade and industry, economy and justice.
This directive proposes the introduction of minimum information and consultation standards which would be implemented throughout Union territory: after the European Company Statute, the European Works Council Directive and the Charter of Fundamental Rights, the directive before us today completes the existing Community and national frameworks, thus contributing to the ultimate purpose of the law in question which is to ensure that adequate preparations are made for the change, that restructuring takes place under acceptable conditions and that due importance is given to the employment objective in the current situation.
Lastly, so far we have been informed after the event about the Council's decisions on the CFSP.
By staying out they are weakening themselves and they are making us weaker.
I once heard a former member of the Council of Ministers say that he put the question informally to all of the finance ministers who were seated around the table: ' What are NCAs?' .
Mr President, the Government of Venezuela is intending to abrogate two laws, which will allow mining and logging to resume in the Amazonas rainforest.
To our Polish friends, we would say, moreover: congratulations on your national day.
In the last few weeks, as the Council has just said, the European Union, the United States and the UN have been putting on intense pressure through their special envoys to persuade the FDL to put an end to the systematic violations of human rights and allow humanitarian agents and in particular the HCR free access to the refugees.
What we are now experiencing in some of the countries of eastern and central Europe demonstrates why we must build anew the international economic cooperation to help countries whenever they are in times of need.
With regard to public relations, within the framework of the action 'The Future of Europe' , the Commission is going to launch a large-scale operation of listening to the citizens, in order to better identify the information that they wish to receive, by whom they wish to be informed, where and by what means of information.
The European institutions and the Turkish authorities should learn from this wisdom at long last.
Representatives of the European Community' s Humanitarian Organisation have taken part in an assessment of the size of the aid package needed together with the Indonesian authorities and international organisations.
Allow me to explain as follows: from our viewpoint the Charter is a political declaration and is only politically binding.
That clearly is going to be very significant, not only for Europe, but for business round the whole world.
Mr President, I was pleased to support this own-initiative report on the importance of Structural Funds to EU cohesion, as in Scotland we have vast experience of using the funds to develop our peripheral areas and regenerate our urban centres.
As a new MEP for Nürnberg, I cannot therefore vote in favour of this report.
You are talking about measuring the social impact of the European Union's policies.
As an example let me just mention the proposal that the part of the VOCs in the paint which reacts to form the coating film remaining on the painted surface should not be included when assessing compliance with the VOC content limit value.
   . Patient mobility is a complex issue in view of the differences between national healthcare systems and medical care traditions.
This task has been made all the more difficult by the Commission defying the views of the Member States in the reform of the common fisheries policy.
This means increasing our commitment to indigenous energy, including especially renewables and nuclear power.
On the one hand the developed countries undertook to provide billions of dollars in new resources, but, for their part, the African governments committed themselves to good governance, democracy and human rights and the rule of law.
I personally very much hope that the idea of the paperless office and perhaps even of a paperless Parliament, by virtue of the Internet, will not just give rise to quiet smiles but actually become a reality.
He has been unwilling even to meet the representative of UNESCO, who travelled to Kandahar to see him.
(DE) Mr President, the concept of disaster prevention, particularly where our Hungarian friends are concerned, clearly deserves a great deal of attention because something went wrong when dealing with the toxic sludge disaster in Hungary last October.
Lessons need to be learned from the mistakes of the past.
I should emphasize that for all these countries major further efforts are needed for their accession to be possible in the mid-term, as emerges from the individual opinions.
It gives it flexibility and a task to perform, but in a steady, logical way for which it will no doubt come back to this House for approval.
The conference was held directly under the auspices of the Presidency and constituted one of the Presidential events.
The European Parliament asks that the agreement on shutting down the dangerous reactors at Koslodui should be adhered to, an issue which must certainly also be raised at the European Council in Vienna.
We also welcome the appointment of a coordinator for matters of internal security, and, in Mr Gijs de Vries, a former Member of this House, we have found an excellent candidate for this position.
I am confident that people throughout Europe take the same view of things: Eurobarometer, for example, constantly echoes the popular desire that Europe should speak to the world with a single voice.
This programming is accompanied by an increase in the resources in the PACT budget to 35 million ECU over six years.
What I want to talk about is the Penhallow fire - which I have mentioned before in this House - a fire disaster which took place on 17 and 18 August last year in my constituency.
(DA) A wealth of possibilities exist for regulating a country's currency - provided that country has its independence.
It is so important to remember that this financial crisis has a human face as well and that face is represented quite often by the already most marginalised in society.
I am also against improper political divides in partisan terms.
The working class cannot expect any solution in its favour on behalf of the EU, the European Parliament or plutocracy's political personnel.
Parliament's position on the new 2011 Draft Budget as modified by the Council (
Therefore, at this stage, the Commission can only make a preliminary analysis, as the precise view on the interaction of the constitution with Union law and its legal effects can only be fully evaluated when taking into account the implementing legislative, administrative and judicial practice based on it.
Together with the rapporteur, we welcome the progress made in setting up new budgetary and accounting tools which will ensure greater transparency within the Dublin Foundation. We also welcome the signature of a cooperation agreement between this Foundation and the European Agency for Health and Safety in Bilbao in order to prevent needless waste and overlap while developing all possible cooperation.
And while both the Commission proposal and the report fail to highlight the tragic consequences of this action and fail to hold it accountable, the report basically calls for fishing activities to be frozen by introducing "biological rest areas" and measures to develop aquaculture, which even the report itself questions at another point.
It has taken much time and effort, but the text of the common position following considerable input of all three institutions provides a coherent set of rules and procedures for the future.
Mosiek-Urbahn report
We want a balanced and logical compromise that will cover all sectors of the Doha round.
It is really incomprehensible that no reciprocal arrangements have been proposed in order to negotiate with a partner, even if it is a friend.
It is a fact that major errors have once again been flagged in the areas of olive oil, the export subsidies and the structural funds.
If you can say today that you will do that, then our amendment can be dropped.
This is the reasoning behind the three amendments we are tabling in plenary, and I ask my colleagues to vote for them.
Therefore, comparisons must not be made of Belarus, which is controlled by a clear, transparent and one might say clinical example of a regime, with Ukraine, which is struggling with the problems of democratisation.
I would also like to stress how important it is for us to facilitate, or rather improve, conditions for investments in developing countries, including for European investments in developing countries.
We also obtained a reprieve on pensions.
Given the gravity of the situation, the Commission fully supported the publication on 3 June by the Council presidency of a declaration by the Union on Zimbabwe.
I would also like to thank Mr Böge, as Chairman, whose energetic contribution did much to ensure that we achieved such a positive outcome.
On 16 April another fax was sent. Again no reply.
Any measure the European Union decided to adopt would need to be necessary and proportional and would need to be notified to the World Trade Organization.
Pensions systems still reveal a lack of equality.
The victims of landmines suffer horribly, being literally blown to pieces.
(SV) Many thanks to you all for your questions and comments.
This has absolutely nothing to do with some new form of protectionism.
However, democracy is currently in a fragile and unstable state.
We cannot have a situation like we had in the Middle East crisis, with three or four European delegations running around each other.
After previously being oppressed in the Soviet Empire, new countries in central and eastern Europe are looking to the Union to consolidate their economic and political freedom.
We are voting against the motion because the policies of the ?U and the Member States are incompatible with the needs of workers, farmers and small and medium-sized enterprises and are dictated by and serve the interests of big business.
We could put an end to the travelling circus without changing the Treaty, by doing away with the superfluous mini plenary sittings in Brussels.
I also join with Mr Kerr in thanking Mr Stephen Hughes, who cannot be with us today, and all colleagues for the extraordinary work which has been accomplished over the past two years.
As such, I would like to warmly thank those who have worked on this resolution.
It is not to welcome one opinion and condemn another.
It makes sense that it is extremely economical with statistics.
We agree with this approach and despite the lack of funds, this evening' s result will serve to greatly boost this strategy and this opportunity for Europe, which will then give rise to an economic factor and a growth factor; culture then, and an institutional aspect, the basis for structuring a vast community, a prerequisite for economic growth, and not the complete opposite, as Europe, in its cultural habits, has perhaps been used to viewing things in the past.
Care should be taken to ensure that these two financial instruments are kept strictly separate from one other.
Nevertheless, one does sometimes hear strange arguments against summer time, such as that children in the North cannot sleep and that they go to bed late, that is to say only once it gets dark.
In a more general context, it is a fact that Saddam Hussein is trying to justify himself in the eyes of world public opinion, and the developing countries in particular, as a symbol of the combat against American imperialism, and Western imperialism more generally, in a black and white view of the world that belongs to another era.
Who can oppose the desire to provide ourselves, as the Commission is proposing, with operational instruments and rules able to increase the consistency, effectiveness and visibility of our external action?
The starting point for Parliament' s resolution is, in effect, the Commission' s rapid action, and I should like to join in congratulating the Commission and particularly the Commissioner, Mr Patten, on this rapid action.
I am obviously referring to the case of Spain, since I clearly do not have sufficient knowledge of the cases of Italy and Luxembourg.
The ministers also went to Goma to demonstrate, on the ground, that our full attention is on this crisis, to assess the requirements of the displaced populations, and to meet the humanitarian organisations since, once again, the civilian population is the first victim of the resumption of fighting.
Ultimately, however, it is diverse because society throughout the world is diverse and this may be exactly why it is interesting in comparison to Davos, where one has the impression that the approaches taken are somewhat unilateral.
We shall have to endure many years of very little competition.
I think that once the period of bureaucracy is over, not to mention fraud or nepotism, a very important new task and new responsibility will be to ensure that the Commissioners put in an appearance in this House and in our committees.
On the other hand, there are countries, such as Galicia, which are suffering the consequences and whose populations, including fishermen and volunteers are having to fight the oil slick with their bare hands.
Madam President, a report calling for respect for human rights should really be quite straightforward.
The future common agricultural policy should integrate this objective and take better account financially of the link between high-quality production and agriculture.
The minimum amount of information it provides for is too great and too indigestible.
Listen better, explain better and go local: that is what I repeat with regard to communication.
They are not interested in the process. They just want positive outcomes.
If things continue in this way, a form of inequality will develop among the next generation which sets us back a hundred years in education.
This should be the path set out by the report, not the 'immediate establishment of an EU Civil Protection Force' or the use of military means in response to humanitarian aid situations, which the report admits could act without being under the aegis and coordination of the UN.
I have been present on a number of occasions at meetings of the Liberal Party, of the European People's Party and, I am happy to say, at the kind invitation of Mr Barón Crespo, of the Socialist Party and the Greens as well.
Lastly, the food crisis, which has recklessly been blamed on Spanish products, has led to unfair penalties and huge losses for those penalised by the Eurovignette: freight carriers and prime crop farmers.
It may be part of the culture of others, but we must reject violence because violence is contrary to the way civilised human beings relate to each other in our culture and, above all, we must adopt an approach which is totally different from this blanket opposition.
On the contrary, we need to call into question this authoritarian logic and give the States back control of their economic and financial resources, whilst introducing national and Community preference and protection, which would enable the recovery of the internal market and a return to growth.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the principle of equal treatment for entities from the various Member States is one of the cornerstones of the European Union.
For example, when the European Commission consults us on the annual Guidelines on the European Employment Strategy, but sends us the reports so late - I had to go through this myself at the beginning of the year - that thorough, professional consultation suffers as a result.
That is what we are talking about today.
Obviously I have to tell Parliament this is not a matter which falls within the Commission's competence, but lies with the Member States of the Union.
Unless their products are adapted to the non-harmonised field they have to refrain from exporting them.
This is scandalous and the environmental damage - if you do not intervene, if you do not stop this economic scandal, because these installations are cofinanced by the European Union - will be unavoidable.
No democracy can function without free and independent debate, journalists being able to feel safe and citizens being able to express their views.
Closure of the sitting
Secondly, I think that this question, tabled, it has to be said, by the Chairman of the Committee on Fisheries, is not just any question and opens a debate of enormous importance.
In a free market, the person who manages to produce in the cheapest manner wins the competitive battle, even if this is at the expense of jobs, the environment, animal welfare and public health.
In 1999, the WTO panel, orchestrated by the United States, condemned the Community' s import licences system.
All this, which should, of course, exist today as rights of children, including Roma children, should, on the other hand, exist as obligations and responsibilities of the state and, I stress, of parents.
ECU 1.4 billion is too little.
I agree with what has been expressed here that we must be careful not to be one-sided.
But how dreadful the contrast with the Council of Ministers who yet again this week demonstrated their abject failure to follow through on the goals they set at Lisbon.
This is helped by updating the Schengen and VIS surveillance systems and by incorporating the Prüm Treaty into Community law.
But this leap must be made, and this inner will must be present, or else we will be vetoing each other, and the public does not want that.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the decision in principle to ban advertising for a product that is legally traded raises the question of what will happen in the future in competition law.
There were many differences of opinion, firstly on FIFG, secondly on support for the common European fisheries policy by the Council and the Member States, above all in relation to international fisheries agreements such as the most recent one with Morocco, and thirdly on relations between the EU and other international organisations.
China's WTO obligations six years after it became a member are still too often unmet.
Moreover, it also makes it possible for American damage claims to be removed from the jurisdiction of any judge in the Member States.
It also often happens that we read in the newspaper about a leaked Commission proposal.
All countries can benefit from the energy and enterprise of people who are prepared to cross whole continents in search of a better future.
It is almost a month since elections were held in Zimbabwe.
Certainly not one which interests our citizens, whose concerns lie elsewhere: the unemployment, poverty, social exclusion and violence which are afflicting all the EU countries.
The question is, how can we be successful at this point.
Question Time (Commission)
Not only as a trading power, but also as a bearer of values and standards in this rough and unsafe world, one that protects human rights and the international rule of law as a whole.
Once again, may I express my warm thanks to the Commissioner but especially our colleague Ruth Hieronymi.
So how can there be equal access to new media and therefore to new employment opportunities in an increasingly mobile Europe?
I would like to make just one observation regarding Amendment No 37, because I think that Mrs Gebhardt was indirectly referring to this proposal, namely the question of the legislative procedure for Annex I. The Commission can in part accept the requirement that the full legislative procedure be applied for Annex I. A full legislative procedure, as you know, offers the advantage, sought by several speakers, that both Parliament and the Council have an influence over amendments to the Annex.
That is why the Commission is contemplating lower compensation that 100 %, a proposal justified by the fact that, according to our forecasts, market prices will remain higher than the institutional support prices.
In 2007, there was another review, which acknowledged the particular need to strengthen the secretariat and highlighted the need to confront the problem of resources for the permanent commissions and the national representatives.
The involvement of local and regional authorities also during the year will be crucial to its eventual success, as they are in a unique position to ensure that the widest possible access to local community action is achieved.
I think both documents contain very valuable elements.
The introduction of a visa exemption for Macedonians would require the regulation to be amended, which only the Commission can propose, pursuant to the provisions of Article 67(2) of the Treaty establishing the European Communities.
In order to be effective, it should be a global tax, and I support measures to introduce such a charge on financial transactions.
There is no established GATT philosophy on this.
This case has little implication on the wider issue of resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Personally, I do not think it is superfluous to point out in this debate that the conditions for sound, sustainable development are created by sound public finance and by reasonable compulsory deductions.
A framework directive already exists, but other instruments need to be enhanced, especially as regards integrated coastal zone management and maritime spatial planning.
There are huge cultural as well as religious and moral differences between the two societies, which is why it would be more relevant to give Turkish women the tools to resolve their own problems in their own way, rather than imposing a mindset and solutions on them that are alien to their traditions and culture.
It is thus high time that we created an effective European legal instrument concerning protection of the environment in criminal law.
Since our resolution of 13 December 2001, 250 people have been executed in Iran, and 75 the previous year.
The present system of battery cages is very much a candidate for being improved or replaced.
I think that the environmental situation in Europe is already proof enough of an existing problem and where the causes of this problem can be found.
This is an issue that is extremely sensitive today, but we absolutely must - especially given the crisis conditions - simplify without deregulating in order to create an environment of far greater certainty in Europe, so as to ensure the development of small and medium-sized enterprises.
I welcome the emphasis on an integrated policy approach and on the external impact of EU policy on sustainable resources.
Of course, as we know, the Convention is open to ideas coming from civil society.
Regarding Amendment No 2
Let me be quite clear about this: we do not want negotiations that reflect the style and behaviour of a colonial power; we believe that the decision-making sovereignty of our partners in the ACP countries must be preserved.
So I would like the European Union to have better control over the hygiene of safety checks in airports, so that it can improve the well-being, safety and comfort of passengers.
There is a clear need for major diplomatic and political initiatives to maintain cooperation with those countries nearest to any possible targets or military action and those at most risk from the consequences.
How would people feel if, for example, the whole administration of Finland's social security system was contracted out to Sweden, and the Swedish firm then went bust?
If, though, we set this inquiry in motion, we cannot do so in isolation from the experience of the past.
Our treaties are founded on the principles of human rights and fairness.
I am not addressing you personally, but the Commission as a whole, as well as your predecessors, who bore a very great responsibility and who, when the time came to meet that responsibility, did very little, as the records make clear.
In the end, granting passengers minimum rights makes the railways more attractive.
The next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance
You have raised a different problem.
Secondly, we are endorsing the principles of good administration and transparency.
The Azzolini report is excellent.
That is why I am somewhat critical of it.
These irregularities are accompanied by many irresponsible acts.
Mr President, Commissioner, the present document, like the report, is a labelling con.
The fourth central element of this sustainable economy and economic regeneration that the European Union needs is education, especially university education, which is the forum for research.
I am well aware that the sector will at first be wary of some aspects of this approach.
To this end, the Commission will carry out a study in order to determine the scope of the problem and the extent of the consumers suffering detriment as a result of digital content not being covered.
Consequently, what I and my fellow Members who tabled this amendment are trying to do is to allow alternative methods to be used, but not in cases in which there is no alternative to animal testing.
For the British fishing fleet, the biggest problem is membership of the EU.
This report sets out to extend the 1993 working time directive to include further groups of employees.
This is a common thread in all the positions adopted by our Parliament, Commissioner, be it on the own-initiative report by my colleague, Mrs Toia, or on the proposals that I myself defended as one of the rapporteurs for the telecoms package.
Third-country nationals who have entered illegally should be repatriated, but this has to be done by way of a process that is worthy of a legally constituted state.
Traffic is an example here.
In the end it is also a decisive factor of their success, as no collectivity can survive and prosper without trust, dialogue, partnership and solidarity between its different components.
Basically, the Palestinians, like us, are divided: 235 000 people voted for Hamas and 213 000 for Al-Fatah and other parties.
The trend towards greater economic interdependence and globalisation is a reality with which we must all contend.
Data protection would have been another important point.
If there is a problem now with an interim Commission that has lost its moral and political authority to act, the problem arises, in my view, because of the failure of the Council to listen to Parliament and to appoint an effective interim Commission.
I congratulate him on a very balanced and informative report, notwithstanding the slightly odd decision to link these two topics – hedge funds and derivatives – in a single report, as trade in derivatives is already far more regulated in the EU than the area of hedge funds.
Composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
It is the Commission that, in particular cases, must put forward such proposals and, as I said, there is no Member State that has requested a proposal.
I hope they will listen to this debate in the future.
It is our responsibility, therefore, to take the necessary steps.
We must dismantle social taboos and not only ensure that those who are living with infection receive the medication they need, but also encourage their positive integration into society.
For these purposes what the Commission proposes may be appropriate, but deciding market power solely by assessing market share is too inexact a science.
If I had to estimate the cost of the work that has been done since 1997, it would certainly be inversely proportional to the results, which are even more meagre when compared to the ambitions of the first SLIM study and to our ambitions for reducing the burden on firms.
He will establish and maintain close contact with the governments of the region and other governments and organizations concerned in order to see what measures are to be adopted to solve the problems of the region.
Report (A5-0156/2000) by Mr Maaten, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, on the Proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning the manufacture, presentation and sale of tobacco products (COM(1999) 594 - C5­0016/2000 - 1999/0244(COD))
What is the reality behind this?
Here we need investment not just in research but also venture capital.
That is natural, because the euro was not created for anything small or medium-sized, even though they are going to have to use it in their small and medium-sized daily lives!
I think that distinction needs to be made.
Setting the CFSP against national foreign policies, is condemning it to sterility.
In addition, however, we must level-headedly examine two negative elements.
We are independent to deliver price stability to 330 million fellow citizens.
Mr President, in my opinion the Council has made a conscientious attempt to reach a balanced result where these accords are concerned.
On a related note, could I say that I very strongly favour maximising the definition of 'recovery' under the Directive, making it indisputably clear that energy from waste represents recovery, not disposal, of waste.
Since other questions I might go into have already been raised both by Mr Pimenta on behalf of the Committee on the Environment and by other Members, I should like to emphasize that local peoples should be involved and that these non-government organizations from north and south, which are working to protect the environment in the countries qualifying for such aid, should be represented in the advisory committee which is being set up.
A broad show of force would have serious, mainly regional repercussions.
The second new aspect is sustainability, which we are pursuing with this approach.
Yet we are also sending a message to the Council.
I strongly urge you to work on an Interinstitutional Agreement which involves the European Parliament in trade matters.
Our point of departure is that the work on reviewing the treaties must progress following the Nice Summit and that the EU' s Charter of Fundamental Rights should form part of this on-going process.
I hope that this does effectively apply.
Fourthly, the proposal will have unforeseeable consequences for the EU's cooperation with the OECD.
I would urge you, Mr President, to show some flexibility and to allow the House to vote on the request by Mrs Müller.
Any civilised society is judged not by how it treats its majority but how it treats its minorities.
With regard to making the existing model more flexible, as supported in particular by the Commission, a certain openness has been detected towards eliminating the recourse to the European Council when launching closer cooperation. However, the limit of eight Member States has been questioned even by those who support altering the requirement for the participation of the majority of Member States.
From the legal point of view, the Commission proposal has a very solid basis, given that it manages to plug a legal loophole created by the Court of Justice ruling.
This harmonisation has been taken into account by your Parliament, and the Commission will support the relevant amendment.
However, the framework for the proper functioning of the state is problematic.
Madam President, The Commission shares the concern that you have expressed regarding the human rights situation in Equatorial Guinea.
And the same question applies to the IRELA case from Spain, which we have talked at such length about.
We plan to hold a major debate in this May session'.
Over the first six years of the ESF, the Commission received 62 requests for financial support from 21 different countries. Of these, approximately one third came under the category of 'major disasters'.
Let me comment briefly on Mrs Grossetête's report.
We do have a lack here and it is the responsibility of the Commission to demonstrate that, and to take action so we can proceed together so that in the future, we will be looked upon as the leading economy.
Up to now the results of the estimates of what is required have been encouraging to the extent that the estimates of what is required for aid have fallen rather than increased as matters have progressed.
How can we provide adequate protection for the sources of information that come from those countries which are not safe?
Let us stay in contact.
I should like to refer to one of these elements, namely the fundamental change to be proposed by the European Commission in October.
I would like to receive it because this Parliament will have to act accordingly.
If this is to be prevented, we must adopt Amendment 13.
I suggest you do that, Mr von Wogau, and I shall be happy to accept your invitation to discuss it further but meanwhile, Mrs Maes, we have lawsuits pending, the Commission is threatened with being taken before the Court for not taking action, for not fulfilling our responsibilities.
The remaining countries have very different laws, but some of them - Sudan, northern Nigeria, Mauritania - still punish homosexuals with death.
We will then look forward to the further regulatory and legislative proposals which will also contain the details and specific standards.
In the case of a nurse or an IT specialist, this is not needed to enable them to play a useful role in our companies.
This surely neither is good neighbourliness nor reflects an .
Chinese workers work between 10 and 12 hours per day and their accommodation and food costs are often deducted directly from their wages.
In a Slovak school in the Hungarian village, Slovak is taught as a foreign language for 3 hours a week and a priest says mass in Hungarian.
However, the PPE-DE Group considers the creation of new posts to be permissible only on submission of a clear and comprehensive justification of the need for such posts.
Freedom cannot develop without respect for the rights of others, and peace cannot flourish without fair accommodation of each other's interests.
Needless to say, I can only congratulate Mr Veltroni on his first-rate report, which, as someone has just said, has come at a good time.
Newspapers, radio and the television report murder after murder, affecting not only isolated rural areas but also the capital.
Tonight I hope the Commissioner will reassure this Parliament and those many disabled people who are unable otherwise to attain a job in the open workplace that Europe will fully recognise their rights and their aspirations in its competition rules.
The European Union has a duty to find a compromise.
This should be compared with our obligation to achieve maximum sustainable yield by 2015.
In addition, there is also a question mark regarding the legal basis for this proposal, which is something that Sweden, among others, has pointed out in the Council.
Although I am stressing the competition issue, I should also like to point out that there are no doubt some smaller countries who are unable to hold major competitions.
The assessment of plans ex ante was similarly unconventional.
Social dialogue and social agreement made Europe strong when it first came to be, in periods of weakness and now, in this period of renewal and change, after a serious economic crisis; social agreement - namely the social pact - could be a major driving force behind the objectives that we are setting ourselves for effective governance.
As stated by Mrs Wortmann-Kool earlier, 350 000 jobs have been lost over the past two years.
Returning to the timetable, the Commission is prepared to be flexible if specific and reasonable time periods are suggested.
There is yet another even more important reason, which has to do with the subject that government offices throughout Europe are quite rightly – and rather obsessively – concerned about at the moment: competitiveness.
In spite of numerous reminders, the Commission needed a great deal of persuading up until October 2008, when it finally proposed repealing the watered-down 1986 directive in order to replace it with a text with a more solid legal basis.
Ten years ago next month, he dropped chemical weapons on a town in North East Iraq.
Eventually they will be competing directly with the US for ever-diminishing supplies, which is a forbidding thought and, as we know, fossil fuels are running out very quickly.
The only 'success' is that the average consumption by cars was 12.4% less in 2004 than in 1995.
In effect we were refused a vote on the Commission's statement - which we considered to be very negative - on mad cow disease.
Economic performance in Europe is collapsing, and here we are considering how we can set up additional hurdles for our industry.
This does, however, create a dangerous precedent.
But a total of 3 000 businesses have now been given their marching orders.
   – Madam President, growth is not a game where the sum total is zero.
In Kosovo, in that region, we are likely to have to make a significant financial effort in 2008 to support the civilian ESDP mission and the office of the International Civilian Representative.
And this brings us to the point which Mr Titley flagged.
All these documents are also timely as the Commission is now finalising its communication to Parliament on further developments of the external service as a follow-up to the one we presented last July.
It is common knowledge that Syria's adopting such a position, far from being an interference in Lebanese affairs, would, on the contrary, make it possible to break the deadlock and, above all, to put a stop to the rumours that give people cause to think that Syrian could, in an underhand way, frustrate the establishment of such a criminal tribunal.
As far as the development of the information society for the people goes, it is an essential achievement that the World Intellectual Property Organization, WIPO, recognizes in their copyright agreement the right of the public to transmit messages.
Another recurrent theme, which was quite rightly brought up by all the speakers, is the digital divide and regional development.
The question of coherence is central in this context.
What is the Council of Europe's role?
I am glad to link the questions.
Above all, non-governmental organizations should be involved to a far greater extent in the question of monitoring, as set out in the White Paper and the Green Paper on social policy.
I want to make quite clear my absolute rejection of attempts by the President of Parliament and the Conference of Presidents to set aside this motion on the human rights situation in Western Sahara until after the visit and conclusion of some future EU delegation.
I fully agree with the statement issued by the EU leaders when they expressed their deep regret at the failure of the American Senate to ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty.
In the meanwhile, however, as he is aware, the Lisbon Strategy – the strategy for growth and jobs I have just spoken about – that was decided on last spring has been undergoing a complete revision.
As has been mentioned, more than 20 civilian and military operations are, or have been, deployed on just about every continent, from Europe to Asia, from the Middle East to Africa.
I share your view that this is an important dossier, and I am here for the third time in less than a year to discuss it with you.
Well, we will learn them.
There is an increasing tendency in the European Union to opt for direct budgetary support rather than projects, and, basically understandable though that is, there are very many doubts about this, which have indeed been aired today.
The Commission is also involved from the point of view of theoretical and political proposals.
As I pointed out earlier, the available scientific evidence is that ISA is not a threat to health.
Can we in fact claim to be close to a Europe of citizens if we fail to deal with this problem and if we also fail to deal with the tragic question of social exclusion?
You rightly point out that in these times of high energy prices, the 9% consumption reduction target over nine years in the directive on end-use efficiency and energy services may well be on the low side.
There is no reason why, against this background, we should agree to grant discharge.
Tomorrow, we shall have achieved our goal, moreover: the manufacturers will become one hundred per cent responsible for electrical and electronic waste.
For example, the Member States gave priority, at the beginning of this programming period, not to new programmes and to new projects, but to old programmes and to old projects which should have been completed.
Mr President, Mr Apolinário, in pursuance of the objectives set out in its common position of 25 June 1996, the European Union continues to support the initiatives undertaken in the UN framework; these may contribute to resolving the question of East Timor through a fair, comprehensive and internationally acceptable solution which fully respects the rights of the East Timorese people, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the UN General Assembly and in conformity with the principles enshrined in the UN Charter.
In addition, we do not know how long the crisis will last and therefore we also do not know whether we have already done enough.
I am in favour of such an agreement and have therefore voted in favour of the report.
Let me assure you that the Commission, which launched and implemented the administrative reform with great commitment, will be consistent in implementing the necessary additions to that reform.
We are waiting to discuss these subjects again in Parliament and we are waiting for a communication on navigation systems, while the Intergroup on space travel and the space-travel Task Force are continuing to increase contacts with the Commission, the ESA and industry.
I would like to inform Members that yesterday morning, I issued a special statement concerning this matter - a statement by the President of the European Parliament, in which I condemned this event, and, in particular, the fact that the victim was so young.
However, our committee is disappointed that this presentation is regionally based and does not contain accurate data which allow us to assess both women's access to Structural Funds and the impact of Community initiatives on promoting equal opportunities.
Previously, this emphasis chiefly derived from socialist or liberal inspiration.
We can obviously disregard them and prefer to believe, like the President of Sun Micro Systems at the World Economic Forum in New York, that globalisation is a good thing and that nothing needs to be changed.
If we were to close the doors to this country, which did a great deal to protect Europe during the Cold War, that would be an error that would ultimately encourage the growth of Islamic fundamentalism.
Here and there, alas, this freedom of movement brings with it adverse consequences, and both reports deal with this.
On 9 February, the Commission approved its communication entitled 'Winning the battle against global climate change'. This communication, which is also addressed to the European Parliament, contains the Commission's initial recommendations on the European Union's strategy after 2012.
But the fact that the elections took place and were recognized to be acceptable not only by the international observers but also by the political forces of Albania is only the first stage towards rebuilding democracy in Albania.
It is important to have a strong substitution principle for hazardous chemicals that can be replaced by less hazardous alternatives.
Honourable Member of the Commission, I propose that the Commission take swift measures in order to get this northern gas to balance our energy situation.
The measures proposed are balanced to create strong incentives for all parties that are involved in the restructuring process.
Suicide bombings have taken an unbearable toll in Israeli lives, and the political apologists for terror cannot receive support while the killing continues.
However, the country needs to make further efforts, particularly in the following areas: the reform of public administration, the rule of law, including the reform of the justice system, the fight against corruption and organised crime, and the improvement of its business environment.
The dual criminality problem must be put into perspective since, in all Member States of the Union, the acts that arouse the greatest social condemnation are subject to criminal sanctions.
It also places higher demands on us when discussing discharge, requiring us to spend more time and energy on it.
This new budget line will therefore be included using a token entry (p.m.).
At the beginning of December, Memorial, one of the oldest and most prestigious of the NGOs working on the painful past of 20th-century Russia, was the subject of a police search.
In order to stabilise the climate and reassure the world' s inhabitants, without overusing the concept of environmental protection which should be left to the ecologists, the issues of the Kyoto Protocol - mad cow disease, dioxins and the debate on GMOs - are being paraded.
The significance of this concept, as recognised by Article 16 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, is fundamental to the succession of generations and the educational capacities of heterosexual couples.
Our Parliament should not be threatening to censure the Commission when the real culprits remain in office in the UK Government.
We believe that, despite the disturbances in the financial sector, this process will continue and the European policies which we have put forward, although not being able to micromanage job creation in the Member States, will create the right framework and provide guidance for the Member States to continue working towards full employment.
Finally, let me express the hope that very soon we can reach the end of this long phase of transition and uncertainty concerning the future regime.
For that reason, the Commission needs to provide information as to the actual costs relating to its proposal to focus efforts, and I do not think that the refusal that I have just heard from the Commission is acceptable.
   The next item is the report (A5-0211/2004) by Mr Schmitt, on behalf of the Committee on Citizens’ Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, on the initiative of the Kingdom of Spain with a view to the adoption of a Council directive on the obligation of carriers to communicate passenger data.
The Commission will consider the best way to achieve the required result, in other words to guarantee the social protection of workers while at the same time avoiding an increase in administrative burdens in the road transport sector.
   In some Member States, such as Hungary, the collection of spent batteries and accumulators may be a newly introduced activity, but at the same time, it is also a long-term environmental protection investment.
Moreover, that country is now most likely engaged in generating, inspiring and working on a major agreement between the majority and the opposition in Zimbabwe, and this should result in honest and fair elections in March 2008.
There are four main areas in which I think the jobs of the future could be, and where a change in the current situation is entirely necessary for the sake of sustainability.
Since the finalisation of the agreement, the Commission has respected it absolutely, deeming that the cut-back already agreed should be implemented, but always with reference to the true level of production.
As regards subsidiarity, I think my views are somewhat different.
It is a fact that it was during the Swedish Presidency that significant institutional changes were made, particularly the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty, after that whole process of pressurising and blackmailing the Irish people into changing their vote in the second referendum they had to hold.
Minimum import prices, which we appreciate, were introduced earlier this year but have not worked.
(Applause)
   In spite of some sound efforts, current fisheries policy still means that the EU is buying the right to misuse the natural resources of the poor.
A report on them severely criticized the elections and recommended that they be re-run in a number of districts.
Moreover, without upper limits on finance, some so-called net contributors will feel that too much is being asked of them.
The downside is that pick of Europe, young people under the age of 25, are unfortunately unemployed.
At the same time, and perhaps this is the most important aspect, a large section of the population in most Member States of the European Union make use of the services and methods offered by certain branches of so-called non-conventional medicine, something which calls for a new way of dealing with the problem which does not have 'experimental' but genuine, social dimensions.
In connection with the unquestionable need for exploitation of rare earth elements by industry in the EU Member States and the need for research into them, I would call for dialogue with the People's Republic of China on increasing exports of these raw materials and for our efforts to be focused on searching for alternative sources for their extraction.
We are already seeing stormy debates on whether it will be the CAP or cohesion policy that will be plundered.
The Roma must make a contribution to all of this.
It is designed to ensure the general well-being of this vast region endowed with many natural resources and to do so by means of effective and long-lasting regional cooperation.
Madam President, I request that the following comment be included: these appropriations are also aimed at financing the 1999 campaign on violence against women.
The civil war has claimed 10 000 lives so far and shows no sign of coming to an end, with tourism, the country's main source of income, having been brought almost to a standstill.
Indeed, unlike the rapporteur, I wish to retain the crisis committee from the Commission proposal.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, religious freedom is the basis of civilisation.
Therein lies the main problem.
A certain class of voters will not show up at all, and will thus not be represented in the European Parliament.
The proposal will facilitate investments of low sums and will give micro-enterprises an opportunity to grow.
(NL) Mr President, the climate change summit has to succeed, and so Europe must speak with one voice and set its sights high in the negotiations.
Freedom is indivisible.
I understand how important it is for the nations of Central and Eastern Europe to have a clear vision, how important it is to have foresight and how important it is to have a plan that these countries and nations can follow.
Concerning the gas crisis, what is the current state of play?
I would point out that a number of preliminary decisions have already been taken which indicate that the leeway for assessment will be used responsibly.
The vote will take place tomorrow at noon.
I should like to hear Commissioner Nielson give us an extensive account on this in a moment.
However, the most crucial ingredient in tackling this fraud is political will.
It was a troubled debate because the Russian Federation's political landscape, and its difficult relationship with democracy and human rights, was never far from people's thoughts.
Climate protection really must be our absolute top priority, particularly now.
We hope to see this in Category 5 of the financial perspective.
This can and should, however, be developed between Member States and border regions on the basis of more practical needs instead of in accordance with the abstract principle of the organisation of the internal market.
I would like to refer to two possible areas of policy discussion.
Tackling radicalisation is a major challenge, but we live in a world where the terror threat is constantly changing and becoming more sophisticated.
I do not share Commissioner Barrot's perception, in often hiding behind the European Union's lack of jurisdiction on this matter.
The Liberal Group supports the Commission in all its efforts to reduce greenhouse gases.
The first issue is that of grubbing aids, the second is that of restructuring aid for upgrading vineyards, and the third is that of the compulsory distillation of by-products.
It is the Commission that is the Guardian of the Treaties!
In any case, we can definitely be more certain that the gases that we are talking about have destructive effects on ozone molecules than we can be about the supposed increase in mean atmospheric temperature, which is blamed on higher carbon dioxide levels.
The regulation, as it is drawn up, allows us to move forward and improve on what we have at the moment.
As far as agricultural policy is concerned, the Commission has already taken the initiative to give producers a great deal of flexibility as regards the eligibility of aid for large scale arable farming and set aside.
There are, however, I repeat, certain outstanding matters and problems that must be resolved and, as the Committee for Petitions and I myself believe, over and above any statement of principle, effective action is required – as happened, for example, in the case of consultation – with a view to establishing effective measures to control and promote resources for the purpose of embracing the different Community provisions governing the legal systems of the Member States and maximising the potential of the Community system itself for the recognition of professional qualifications and academic diplomas, with a view to making that system more transparent, responsive and accessible to the persons concerned.
While it is undeniable that the Irish economy has several key assets such as a young and active population, significant potential for tourism and a steady application of a rigorous and consistent national economic policy, we must not forget that various problems arising notably from the peripheral situation of the island and its low population density, the importance of its agricultural sector, the country's dependence on foreign-owned companies and the weakness of its domestic industry all beset the economic and social development of Ireland.
From now on, we need to show the determination required to achieve the desires of the Thessaloniki Council.
The reorientation of energy policy is therefore the only way forward.
Certainly, however, a very important issue on which Russia can demonstrate its cooperation with us is in cooperating and reaching an agreement on the area of climate change.
Is that OK?
Secondly, it must be understood that the Commission does not have the necessary legislative powers to compel banks and bureaux de change, by regulatory means, to exchange notes free of charge or to observe a maximum tariff.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (DE) Mr President, if we adopt Euro VI for heavy-duty vehicles tomorrow, we will be doing so in a very good tradition.
Mr President, the report by our group leader, Mr Martens, who has the constant support for the Group of the European People's Party, is the mirror image of our years of experience in the Europe Parliament of development co-operation, not only in the Committee on Development and Cooperation, but also in the ACP-EU Joint Assembly.
One hundred years later we are safe in the knowledge that we have finally tamed this kind of power, finally subjected it to justice.
Were data on the passengers transferred and, if so, by what right?
However, I do not agree that rigour is an end in itself, and I never will.
That is an important position if it is not to be possible to use a distorted utilitarian argument to put pressure upon someone facing a possible decision concerning abortion.
They provide me with the opportunity to identify one point on which I believe there is full agreement among us, namely, that the present situation is deeply unsatisfactory; and one point where there are partial divergences, namely, how to remedy that situation.
I am, however, not sufficiently ambitious to embrace straight away my friend Mr Schlyter's proposal of moving from my inability to propose consensual reforms of trade defence instruments against the low cost of production dumping to a new concept of organic or ecological dumping.
Without controlled use of pesticides in our agriculture, we will drive more food production to less regulated regions of the world, jeopardising quality and food safety.
I wish to thank Mr Cashman once again for this report and I should like to reassure this House that the Commission will seek to resolve as many of the problems raised in it as possible, but I cannot guarantee that we shall solve all the problems, given the uncertain legal situation regarding the free movement of people.
The Florence conclusions are as follows: first, the preliminary conditions must be satisfied, one of which is an additional cull programme.
This regulation is an excellent example of integrated legislation and I am delighted that the Czech Presidency was well prepared for it and that an agreement between Parliament, Mr Schwab and the Council will therefore be reached at first reading.
As we were anxious that the Community institutions should be bound by the same rules as the Member States, we chose to incorporate this provision into the present regulation.
One can imagine the temptations which this new French offensive in China will give rise to in other member states.
Alternatively, we could use different wording at another point within the relevant article.
We in the Committee on Culture all agree that the possible deregulation of the gaming and lotteries market will be problematic for the funding of amateur sport so long as the existing system of state betting agencies provides it with considerable income.
Paragraph 17 calls for a range of measures differing according to the different types of farming regions. Again, paragraph 18 states that it is essential to preserve traditional family farms and support young farmers in less-favoured areas and the outermost regions.
When we voted for this report in the Committee we removed references to two countries, the United Kingdom in recital F and the 'United States model' in paragraph 12.
The values they died for are the values that now unite us across our continent.
Furthermore, we are monitoring and analysing the ageing of these oil tankers, which have other problems which must be closely monitored, and we must also establish a maximum age and a form of monitoring and inspection from a certain age.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, never before in the history of European integration have so many important decisions been made and so many dramatic events taken place in such a short time as since 1 January.
That would be a fitting climax for the Year of Education through Sport.
Nonetheless, I would highlight the increasing importance, in my opinion, of providing consumers with factual and complete information, especially on the lots, dates of manufacture and other information enabling them to trace the movement of a product from its source.
That is not possible, because we do not have the money for that.
Do you not think so, Commissioner Flynn?
However, I am convinced that the issue of practically integrating people with disabilities will depend not only on traditional obstacles, such as the physical barriers enclosing public areas and transport, being overcome, but, above all, on the general public taking a new approach to the everyday situation of people with disabilities.
   I would ask you to supply my office with the relevant details and we will try to follow it up for you.
The Soviet Union had another characteristic - absolute centralisation.
The conclusions refer to the fact that ruminant fat will have to be pressure cooked in the manner that we are all familiar with, but in addition a view was expressed that perhaps the time had come for the removal of animal fats from ruminant feed and that is an issue that is going to be considered.
But we should not forget that the resources for the information campaign are extremely slight and have to be shared out between the Member States.
Of course, one should never forget the fact that making citizens adopt environmentally friendly lifestyles is not just a market-based issue: creating an environmentally caring consciousness also involves proper education and learning from an early stage and continuing throughout life.
The citizens of Europe expect this of us, even those taking up office as new Members and, at the end of the day, will thank us if you take up and transpose this initiative of mine.
    –  It is my belief that Europe needs common, clear and up-to-date rules on patents, as these would play a crucial role in removing barriers within the EU’s internal market, in boosting investment in research, in preventing piracy and in protecting Europe as a whole.
Galeote Quecedo report (A5-0210/2000)
I trust that Parliament will play a fundamental role in shaping the new directive in both these sectors.
Thank you very much, Mr Moorhouse.
The situation is grave and the European Union must act.
I am not going to hide the fact either, as has already been said, that the Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant has been a permanent source of concern for Romanian citizens, especially following the Chernobyl accident.
However, it is important to be clear that it is not possible to cure the patient with palliative measures that aim to minimise the consequences of financial speculation and prevent the occurrence of situations that might lead to the collapse of the international financial system, as a way of perpetuating the increasing liberalisation of capital movements.
The number of dead and injured that are sacrificed every year on the roads of the Member States of the European Union is comparable to the number of those who are killed or wounded in a war.
Space is also a tool, as you have indicated, that allows Europe to be united around a common ambition and to develop a European identity.
It is good that Parliament is taking an active part in the pensions debate, because pensions and how we pay for them will be one of the biggest social and economic challenges of the decades to come.
(The sitting was closed at 8.05 p.m.)
It requires cooperation at international level.
Mr Dell'Alba knows full well that, thanks to a clever buildings policy - let there be no mistake about that - we have been able to release considerable funds over recent years.
We therefore fervently hope that we can count on your help, your dialogue and that we can work together constructively over the coming months.
Mr President, I should like to say to Mr Tajani, who has accused my Group of criticising and being against his government and Italy, that only the first part of what he said is true and that the confusion between criticism of the government and criticism of the country, nation or its people is the first step on a very dangerous path, which in Europe we all know very well.
Mr President, on most occasions that I have spoken in Parliament, it has been to denounce violence against women, and I am here again to combat it.
Including them in the new directive will actually destroy their entrepreneurial drive.
Increasing energy efficiency is the most effective means for the European Union to achieve the objective of reducing CO2 emissions, create jobs and reduce the European Union's increasing dependence on external energy suppliers.
Obviously, the first type is the most common. This means that, generally speaking, part-time work does not satisfy the requirements of the people who are obliged to do it, most of whom - over 80 % - are women.
In view of the gravity of the situation and the danger posed by these toxic substance spills, I believe that we must take action as quickly as possible.
Women today are better educated and more mobile than ever and the number of women in employment is rising.
In the past, some Member States have attracted further millions of illegals with mass legalisations or mini-detention followed by automatic granting of leave to remain.
I therefore consider it right that we turn our attention to this country a second time within a very short period, and we will not cease from doing so until this country is in actual possession of the things we enjoy, namely democracy and the rule of law in accordance with European standards, until this country has also returned to the community of free European peoples.
Real parties do not emerge because the structures of a state require the organisation of a competitive struggle at election time but because there are people with common ideas, interests and activities.
So far as speaking time is concerned, that is clearly a matter for the political groups to sort out and allocate.
Our task is to ensure that at second reading we do not allow the Council to deprive us of what we agreed at first reading.
This is part of striking the balance that we believe is necessary between protecting people from terrorism and serious crime and, on the other hand, respecting civil rights.
Does the Commission consider that Sweden may continue to apply its own rules during this interim period?
This - as I see it - fundamental aspect is lacking in the report, and I have therefore abstained from voting.
(DE) Mr President, that is very helpful.
I was delighted to hear the presidency today say that it has supported in the past, and will support in the future, Parliament's demands for more transparent and legitimate trade policy-making in the European Council and the European Union.
   . This report on the free movement of workers identifies the improved profitability and competitiveness of businesses in Ireland, Sweden and the UK – countries that have opened their labour markets.
Furthermore, the Commission intends to hold, in early 2004, a public consultation on its future strategy to combat discrimination, which may also include the adoption of anti-discrimination legislation outside the spheres of work and employment.
Filled with panic at what they call populism - which is nothing more than the exasperation of the European citizens who are being dispossessed of their very identity - the worthy Heads of State and Government took it upon themselves to tackle the problem of immigration head on.
The constitution, like next year's draft budget, will do nothing to strengthen the Union's social dimension.
Secondly, we need an effective instrument.
From the viewpoint of Scotland, the nation which I represent, there are significant issues and challenges for the new Commissioners to address.
in writing. - The Committee on Legal Affairs, having examined the reasons for and against waiving the Member's immunity, recommends that the European Parliament should waive the parliamentary immunity of Adrian Severin, while considering that, until a final sentence is passed, the Member should be immune from any form of detention or remand or any other measure which prevents that Member from performing the duties proper to the mandate.
Parliament can only say yes or no.
At no point is any sound reason given for this link and, in my opinion, nor is there any reason for making such a connection because the main purpose of the EIS - as I have already said many times - is to compensate for the lack of checks at internal borders.
Turkey, as we appreciate, suffers from an extremely vulnerable border and it is a particular problem for it to establish the requisite stability and peaceful circumstances that its integration to Europe properly requires.
The 1976 Act was adopted on the basis of article 138, paragraph 3, of the Treaty setting up the European Economic Community, on the basis of a project drawn up by the European Parliament, which made no mention of the particular situation of Gibraltar.
But the very fact that this strategy is under consideration here and that we have come up with a proposal, with broad consensus support, for the substance of the Employment Pact suggested by Mr Santer is, I believe, unprecedented, and we should emphasize that point accordingly here in the House.
We will judge this presidency by the progress it makes in this field.
It is only one per cent of agriculture, but it is one per cent that changes everything.
The specific conditions for this participation, about which you may not be happy, are explained in a letter from the Council to the European Parliament of 18 November 1998.
So long as major economic and political, oil-related interests continue to back Turkey's intransigence, criminal groups favoured by Turkey's tolerant attitude will continue the illegal transport of Kurds under the most inhuman conditions, while 'well-governed' Member States 'sensitive' to human rights try in unacceptable ways to exploit the drama of the refugees in order to intensify their policing and oppressive measures.
That does not come across in what you have already announced, in your actions or in your intentions.
The Commission is aware that one of Mrs McNally's constituents, for example, has created a pressure group in the UK to campaign against supplements for single travellers.
Hence our vote in favour.
The reason for this underutilization is first and foremost Commission bureaucracy.
I shall not comment specifically on this, because the Commissioner set the conference framework.
The decision by this multinational comes on top of similar decisions by other multinationals, which have closed down production units in Greece in order to locate to countries with much lower wage costs and conditions in general which allow for more intensive exploitation of the workers.
The interoperability of systems for the issue of documents in all countries remains the main premise for limiting the risks arising from excessive authority and provides a functional formula for guaranteeing the use of rights arising from the status of Community citizen.
Today, even the high-tech industries are leaving the continent.
The global warming theory has cast CO2, a natural constituent of the atmosphere, as a demon gas.
Mr President, if negotiations are properly conducted, there is give and take.
To paraphrase the famous saying by Sieyès on the Third Estate: 'What is urban mobility in a city?
So there is a real risk.
In countries such as Sweden, in which this liberalisation is under way, it clearly has unfavourable consequences for employment and social and territorial cohesion, two areas that remain objectives of the Union.
Inhabitants of islands and mountainous and scarcely-populated border and peripheral areas can be cases in point.
The talk is currently of growth of some 50% between the years 2000 and 2020.
.
Refugee flows can be controlled on a regional basis, as was done in an exemplary way in Thailand at the time of the war in Cambodia, or in Pakistan during the war in Afghanistan, when millions of people were assembled near their homeland - with our support, but on the spot - and from there could be more easily reintegrated into the structures of their native country.
The role is with the parties themselves, assisted by the great republic across the Atlantic.
It appears that even the United States are expecting us to lift the embargo.
At the same time, it has given capital an opportunity to step up the application of anti-labour policy choices.
The term of the budget is also a discussion point.
More of the same is no longer enough.
Mr President, I have great respect for the Swedish people's desire for freedom, but I should like to ask whether the fact that Sweden remained so free and independent in the post-war period as is described in the question is not connected with the fact that many NATO and European Union states contributed to preserving peace in the Western hemisphere in the face of communism, at great sacrifice.
The entry into force of the Customs Union has been accompanied by the introduction of enhanced arrangements for political dialogue between the European Union and Turkey. This provides a framework for contact on issues of mutual interest and concern where cooperation between the parties can contribute to international peace and stability.
Disease prevention cannot but be based primarily on addressing health determinants which demonstrably affect physical and mental health.
Setting up a further EU body to issue opinions and recommendations and to do work on raising awareness in the human rights area – an area in which the European Council, the OSCE and various UN bodies are already doing excellent work – would be pointless, moreover, and involve an unnecessary duplication of effort.
These companies make and break governments according to their own needs and to the detriment of the needs of the country's population.
It is important that this scheme is as flexible and unbureaucratic as possible. Otherwise we will not be able to persuade small and medium-sized businesses to participate in it under any circumstances.
I declare the session open.
The Member knows very well that the debate on burden-sharing has been going on for many years.
I believe that the courageous citizens who were - and still are - demonstrating in Syria at great personal risk have missed your voice even more.
It is made clear on these occasions that human rights and principles of the Rule of Law must be fully observed in the fight against terrorism and that the latter may in no way be used as an excuse for introducing or maintaining restrictions upon these rights.
I would also like to ask to be forgiven for leaving now and not staying to listen to your reply.
(The President cut off the speaker)
The European Parliament's decision in connection with the Fernández-Albor report demonstrates a lack of respect for the non-aligned Member States.
In this way, the whole of the EU would be given a boost.
An irrational structure has been created on purpose It takes a hundred cars to pick up the equivalent of one car load, from outside the city.
A man got out of one of the centres where drunkards are taken to sober up.
For instance, there was a conference on Alzheimer's, and the conference I referred to, held a month ago, referred to dignified treatment of elderly people.
Many new people with fresh ideas bring with them a wind of change, and that is what we need, for the public are still not excited by the European Union and the European institutions.
And unfortunately there are arbitrary proceedings against unwelcome critics even in this European Union.
The next item on the agenda is the continuation of the joint debate on oral questions to the Council and the Commission on Euro-Mediterranean agreements.
I believe we must do work on this; in relation to the problem of the Channel, we have seen that there are aspects on which progress can be made.
This issue is, for that reason, too important for us to allow it to be downgraded to a cheap way of scoring points in an election.
I will also end with a biblical quote which is more positive than the one quoted by my colleague.
I refer both to joint bond issuance to enable Member States to cover some of their deficits, turning a portion of their debt into European debt and facilitating the obtaining of loans with low interest rates, and the tax on financial transactions.
Sometimes subsidies are paid to canned-tomato producers because the price at which they have to purchase tomatoes is higher than the international average price.
Madam President, the previous speaker finished by saying that nature and human beings are being exploited.
Or like the protection of the terrorised indigenous peoples fleeing from Burma.
Today is no different.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy. - (FI) Madam President, Ministers, Commissioners, and Mrs Trautmann in particular, now is the time to think in actual terms of human rights in the information society, which we are improving, with democracy and good business practice as the main objectives.
This law is likely to make the public far more eurosceptic than they already are.
Portugal has a 900-year history.
That is the heart of the problem.
From the closed rooms of this summit culture was born a frustration and impotence also expressed by peaceful demonstrators trying to get their message through to the Heads of State and Government.
This Parliament has been informed of the programme and the significant progress which our partners in the trio achieved last year in implementing the joint programme.
In actual fact, I too found the idea that they should make three contributions to the debate a little odd.
These programmes must not, however, be just a salve for the existing infrastructures, specifically the ones we are currently setting in place.
However, Commissioner, although I recognise the difficulty of your current position of offering a review, which cannot, under any circumstances, be confused with a revision, and while I recognise that you have really done an excellent job, I cannot resist the temptation to read out loud the memorandum accompanying the statement that was presented:
Madam President, I think it is fair that it be put to the vote.
Exploiting that economic and social misery, as pimp or client, is a criminal act and that is how we must approach it.
The EDF covers five years.
As the Commissioner knows, I would have liked this proposal to go further in some respects.
If we compare the degree of readiness of those 10 countries fourteen months prior to accession, we can see that the level of preparedness of Romania and Bulgaria is not dissimilar; indeed, compared to some of those 10 countries, Romania and Bulgaria are probably more advanced today.
Ladies and gentlemen, I should like to welcome a delegation from the Japanese Diet, who have taken their seats in the Official Gallery.
That seems to be happening in Bosnia, which is sliding alarmingly towards dysfunction if not destruction.
Without her endurance and extreme patience we would not have achieved this compromise.
   Mr President, the revision of the bathing water directive is very important, as has already been mentioned here.
Colombia and Costa Rica therefore meet the objective conditions in our legislation for having the graduation mechanism applied and we do not agree with the analysis according to which this would be a considerable blow to their economies.
In a short space of time, action was taken effectively in an excellent spirit of cooperation amongst the administrations.
Sometimes, it will be difficult, for example, when you are meant to be representing our House and feel the urge to hug a certain lady Head of Government; that is the sort of thing you can do as chairman of a group, but not now.
It is therefore important to ensure flexibility between the expenditure headings in order to more effectively counter the problems linked to the economic crisis and also to propose a budgetary framework that includes own resources.
Previously, only the Council was able to do this, provided a qualified majority of votes was obtained.
We use it rather lightly here and as a result it can cause confusion.
The report by Mr Dess is a good basis for continuing the reform.
This, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, is the summary report of our work.
I now turn very briefly to the two proposals on road passenger transport.
I know that the Baltic states are particularly interested and I am sure that we shall be addressing this in due course.
However, I am concerned in particular that we do not have the support of port workers themselves.
I would also like to ask Commissioner Flynn what is meant by this 'flexibility' which we need to have more of in the name of adaptability.
I have received five motions for resolutions , tabled pursuant to Rule 40(5) of the Rules of Procedure.
We need investment if we are to reach the 20% target.
The number of people living in poverty or suffering from in-work poverty is not falling, which is proof that more and more employers are employing people illegally.
I am deeply convinced that it is first and foremost the local fishing communities themselves who have to come together, get organised and propose actions and initiatives.
In the short term the Commission will complete the work under the Maastricht Treaty.
By the same token, we take this opportunity to denounce the torture practiced in Egyptian police stations.
This was because the Lisbon World Exhibition was also important for the European Union and the Commission was very much taken up with it.
The co-existence of our Member States is at stake.
Importantly, it also includes a provision for a review in 2007 whereby the Commission will assess whether there is any need for adjustment to the Stage IIIb and Stage IV emissions standards and the timetable for their application or exemption.
Also, industry should place greater emphasis on organisational innovation, understood as a more flexible and dynamic sharing of risks and responsibilities within companies.
We do not want our fishermen to drown; that is why they must have new, safe engines for their protection.
(IT) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I think today's topic is a fundamental issue because it concerns not only financial taxation, but also an important market topic.
It would, firstly, be reasonable not to consider any further enlargement before first deciding where Europe’s borders lie.
The debate is closed.
(DE) Mr President, unless my ears deceive me, you said that this act, under Rule 90, is adopted, in the absence of any objection to it.
Earlier this year, as well as that presentation to foreign ministers, I hope that I gave the European Parliament exactly the same candid presentation on our external relations budget.
I would like to express my appreciation of the positive and constructive cooperation within the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy as well.
The European Union therefore ought to urge China to maintain an atmosphere of mutual trust with Taiwan, and to employ peaceful means in developing relations to achieve stability throughout the region.
A vote against this report is an emphatic vote in favour of increased subsidiarity.
URBAN has Objective 1 and Objective 2 monitoring committees, which are the general monitoring committees for Objective 1 and Objective 2.
In this Treaty Hungary pledged never to suffer in the future on its territory the existence and activities of fascist-like political, military and semi-military organisations, spinning revisionist propaganda.
I read in the consultation held by the Commission in 2007 that, in fact, very detailed feedback came in from the industry and the stakeholders, and so I ask myself what the problem is.
Where is this debate at?
And of course I understand the rush on this issue.
Mr Ferber has already mentioned this point.
In short, this Treaty is well worth upholding.
in writing. - Mr President, I congratulate Ms Hall on this report, which contains a number of sold, sensible, achievable suggestions to encourage energy efficiency.
That proposal, for the first time, provides for the co-funding of projects in the field of energy and not just preliminary studies.
They must be controlled, thus promoting the interests of efficiency as well as the interests of justice.
   . Mr President, how well I remember the declaration of the Lisbon Agenda in this very Chamber.
The uncertainty on the labour market affects women in general.
Notwithstanding Mr Rovsing's remarks just now, we must still make the Kaliningrad solution work, and work in a way which does not undermine the sovereignty of Lithuania.
Of all the Union's external relationships, the transatlantic relationship is surely the closest one between the European Union and a third country.
We should be talking about whether aquaculture itself is providing a viable and environmentally sustainable food for humans, and I would argue that the answer is increasingly looking like 'no'.
I believe that is the second element.
The strong reaction by European socialists means that we do not go along with policies which entail firing workers against Europe and breaking the social consensus which is the very foundation of the European Union.
Let me give you just a few examples of what we want to achieve at Gothenburg.
an oral question - B6-0377/2007) concerning the rise in foodstuff prices and consumer protection by Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos, on behalf of the PSE Group to the Commission, and
However, we should not forget that this is a seven-year programme, not a five-year one like its immediate predecessor, and that its resources will be stretched across 27 Member States rather than the 15 and then 25 of the previous programmes.
That promises heated discussions over the next few years.
(Applause)
I abstained on all of Mrs Matera's reports on mobilising the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund to help various Dutch regions, not because I oppose these plans, but to issue a warning to the Dutch Government, which has a populist and anti-European policy.
The person who recounts the history of European integration in 20 or 25 years’ time will be able to say, without any exaggeration, that an energy policy for Europe was launched in March 2006, under the Austrian Presidency.
Mr President, I put two very specific questions to the Commission.
It demonstrates its determination to see the establishment of institutions and procedures such as to provide the essential instruments for instituting a genuine foreign policy.
As several speakers have stressed, stability is all the more vital because these States are still internally fragile and are consequently particularly prone to the threats of terrorism and fundamentalism.
These are the reasons that have allowed me to support this directive with certain clarifications, and justify certain particular amendments, which are coherent amongst themselves, and which deal with the fact that certain regions of the Member States affected are of an insular or peripheral nature, where the port is paramount and, in many cases, quality services are already provided.
Persisting with the failed Stability and Growth Pact has relatively little to do with the sensible coordination of economic policy.
For the last forty years, the Chinese have forcibly denied the Tibetans their freedom, they have deprived them of their identity and, what is more, trampled on the human rights and dignity of the people.
For the most part, this will mean adopting common positions on certain key issues and civil tasks in the field of humanitarian assistance or post-conflict reconstruction and development, although I have to say that the track record of EUPOL in Afghanistan does not inspire much confidence.
It is also important for support to be given to political efforts to further the role of women in agriculture by making it easier for them to be active as agricultural entrepreneurs.
That distorts competition.
They are now going to be facing the draconian rules introduced by the Republic of Ireland Government.
I am grateful for being given the floor.
This shows a lack of respect for our culture and traditions, but what do you care?
So overtly, however, does it violate the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality, with which we are deluded every day, that someone in the Council will, I hope, be able to stop it in its tracks.
The focus of the synthesis report will also depend on further work by this Parliament and the Council up to the end of this year.
Funds are however available for large projects and for professional cultural events, whose scope sometimes even extends beyond Europe.
Instead, many chemicals, including carcinogenic substances, will continue to be exempted from the requirement for substitution, providing that they are 'properly controlled'.
Public sector accounting is, by tradition, cash-based, in the sense that it involves the recording of revenue and expenditure over against the Budget estimates arrived at by the body legislating for the Budget.
I can only repeat what many of my fellow Members have said: an independent judiciary – which means a judiciary which is independent of the executive and individual political forces – is in fact a prerequisite for Romania's cooperation within the EU.
Firstly to pursue the stabilisation of public finances.
We are bringing Europe back onto the international stage.
Mr President, Commissioner, as Mr Sterckx stresses in his excellent report, the maritime accidents involving the Erika, the Ievoli Sun and the Baltic Carrier highlight the shortcomings of and the omissions in current Community legislation.
   – Mr President, the textile and clothing industry in Greece is in dire straits.
Combating terrorism is one factor in a broader objective, that of ensuring that the Union is safe and secure.
The other practical question concerns the blue box.
The Palestinian leadership must therefore show unprecedented strength and leadership in order to prevent a new spiral of violence.
They would also lead to a serious deterioration in safety standards, a matter which we must all be very concerned about.
   That was an excellent, very helpful reply.
The Constitution is legally dead.
These substances will continue to circulate on the market, therefore, even where there are feasible alternatives; that is what is really shameful.
Such provisions are essential as they make it possible to reduce the severity of injuries in the case of an accident.
2.
But each stage in this process must be allowed to take its course, and it is now for Greece to press on with the reforms and to put the necessary measures in place.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in our policy on transport infrastructure in Europe, there is a clear distinction between on the one hand the strategy concerning the transport network on the continent of Europe as a whole, and on the other hand the special situation applying to countries which are candidates for accession to the European Union.
In conclusion, I want to repeat my gratitude to the rapporteur and also to the Committee on Culture and Education and its Chairman Mr Sifunakis for their very valuable and continuous support for our programmes and policies.
Perhaps the Council will find it hard to work under pressure of time.
Well, yes it does, because we will now have in place a similar set of rights for buses and coaches to those that we currently have for other modes of transport.
That means the Council allows us ECU 12.5 million for next year.
the ambition to create a legal instrument that would attempt to subordinate the national constitutions of the Member States as far as possible, however much it protests to the contrary (note its aim of increasing Community competences in various areas).
Following the Treaty of Lisbon, the Council is now one institution and the President of the Council is one institution.
The result is that we do not know what the "Ecofin' Council will do, or which document it will be working on.
This statistical survey would also enable a greater understanding of the costs associated with the outermost regions, both in terms of goods and passengers, which may influence decisions on other policies such as trans-European networks and, more particularly, the 'Motorways of the Sea', which should include maritime transport between islands, as well as between islands and the European mainland.
These recommendations will be sent to the governments, with the hope of being able to include them in the conclusions of the European Council of 2 May, in order to give them a major political impact.
Last week we were in Iraq, and at the hospital in Basra we were shocked and saddened to see children suffering from cancer and congenital malformations.
(The oral amendments were accepted)
The SWIFT agreement that is being discussed again today underlines the problem of protecting our civil rights while, at the same time, investing in the security of our world community.
No. Clearly, we shall all have to bear the cost of serious damage to the environment, but it will be very much greater.
You said that often there are no common concepts or common definitions and that often we do not have the support on the ground which we need in order to conduct a proper investigation.
In that scenario, I really want you in the Belgian Presidency to do everything you can to obtain information about these 16 Afghans who are threatened by the death penalty.
By accepting this, the House understands that the Commission has committed itself to immediately initiating the necessary proceedings to ensure that those other services that are rendered without payment are also protected by European legislation as soon as possible. As far as these services are concerned, there is no doubt that criminal activities also damage an interest that can be legally protected, and this, in the last analysis, affects them economically.
In Bahrain, in spite of some return to normality on the streets, the situation remains tense.
We might say that the ball is now in the Commission's court with, of course, our assistance and support, Commissioner.
I hope that we are also in agreement at that time that it is important to protect civil liberties.
First, a few facts.
It gradually became clear that Philip Morris would find it particularly difficult to win the action, and in 2004 a deal was struck with the company.
As part of an alliance of responsibility, the EU must demonstrate political leadership, regardless of what the United States does, and allow itself to be judged by the principle of climate justice.
The food safety authorities are there to help us in this aim, but Parliament must also give a ruling.
In this regard I should like to highlight three aspects of our discussion: firstly, the political will of the participants, above all else, is the key, the aspect most likely to result in progress.
In regions in which nature confronts people with difficult basic conditions, they have to act in a creative and innovative manner in order to survive.
We are continually voting for resolutions and signing written statements which are not followed up as the Commission does not take them into account.
In my view, therefore, Parliament also needs to address the problem that ‘Working together for health’ and the improvement of working conditions for health workers in the EU are not really being taken seriously.
It is against that background that I wish to remind you of the situation in Angola.
It goes much further than we went in the Uruguay Round.
In this case, I voted in favour of Amendments 9 and 22, although I did not agree with everything they said.
Other amendments cannot be approved.
But immigration is inevitably an important part of the solution.
The failure of one Member State to act may have a direct influence on other States.
I want to say a couple of things on the Authentic Act.
The European Union will have to manage a land border over 6 000 kilometres long and a maritime border totalling over 85 000 kilometres.
Over the last three years, 200 journalists have been threatened on account of what they have written.
I shall end by saying, without a trace of irony: may God help us in these difficult times, since we are unable to trust in Europe's institutions alone.
In addition, we are trying to improve the procedure for the clearance of accounts, and we shall continue to apply flat-rate corrections and guidelines to the clearance of accounts.
The Member States, and in particular their national strategy for preventing cancer, have an important role in stopping the spread of the disease.
Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz was one of the great characters of the German Green Party and a fervent supporter of the anti-nuclear campaign.
I believe that these are two very tangible issues on the basis of which Turkey's credibility can be judged.
At the same time, however, these consumers must make decisions far more complicated than any in the past.
We are aware of the endeavours made by Mr Parvanov and the Bulgarian government to overcome the country' s present social and economic difficulties and to prepare it for accession to the European Union.
On this issue, there appears to be a consensus to the effect that a higher level of protection is required, but I believe that, given the uncertainties that exist concerning what stocks remain, the demand for a zero quota for export is extremely sensible on the grounds of the precautionary principle.
I have been asked to give more details in relation to that and I am happy to do so.
The problems of content are quite obvious.
Furthermore, we believe that the Member States themselves should decide which taxes and tax reductions they wish to implement.
These two reports concern the fact that, within the framework of the agreement concluded in 2006 by the European Parliament and the Commission, the European Parliament's sphere of influence and powers will extend to monitoring the actions of the Commission within the spheres of implementation and legislation.
Metaxas, Franco, Mussolini, Salazar and a host of lesser dictators perpetrated crimes of their own, following Hitler and Stalin's brutality.
I prefer not to comment on the absence of the Council.
That is the truth of the matter.
In the end, the costs of a task to be undertaken by the state, namely the maintenance of public safety, cannot simply be shifted on to the citizens like this.
Mr Christodoulou, I am going to reply to the problem of Amendment 4(2) which you have raised.
Within the context of a single market, it is unconscionable that airport charges should be levied in obscure ways.
As the scientific evidence is still inconclusive, we cannot allow parents to be misled.
Now let me detail the points that still separate us.
I would just like to say two words.
Commissioner, I therefore feel that the representative of the Commission really should follow this case very closely, because the tension felt in this Chamber today is still excessive.
But between the two, there is something else, which is often regarded as a source of law, namely the communications.
We must be given the opportunity to advertise in a way that focuses on health, and in a way that can prevent young people from taking up smoking at an excessively early age.
In the Sixth Framework Programme, the Joint Research Centre will be refocusing its activities so as to strengthen its organisational role and participate usefully in the European Research Area.
Are there any comments?
Besides, it requires a political commitment of all actors, including Member States.
How can we cooperate to effectively deliver assistance to the countries we are trying to assist?
A strong Union is also a Union which is able to create stability in its neighbouring regions.
Enormous efforts will still have to be made if there is to be reconciliation between the different ethnic groups, because if there is one thing we have learned from Bosnia-Herzegovina, it is that it is more difficult to make peace than to make war.
Over and above the sanctions, some of you obviously mentioned cooperation with neighbouring countries, which must help us to influence the Burmese regime, and Mrs Ferrero-Waldner will raise the Burmese issue in China this week.
In my opinion, integrating the candidates into our work on economic and social modernisation will be the best political signal of our support for the enlargement process upon which the Union has embarked.
It is no bad idea to combine in one single environmental instrument the various programmes that have supported such environmental measures as actions within the scope of the Forest Focus Regulation and supported non-governmental organisations and local and regional authorities.
It is a clean alternative to fossil fuels and the use of hydrogen as an energy vector - as has been stated, it is indeed an energy vector - is totally sustainable if it is produced from renewable energies or nuclear energy.
Therefore, with regard to the amendments proposed by the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, the Commission accepts Amendments Nos 3 and 4. On the other hand, it does not accept Amendments Nos 1 and 2, on the idea of "centre of the debtor' s main interests" .
This will be good for our citizens and essential for the financial markets.
This is also confirmed in the Kindermann report.
After the attacks in London and Madrid it emerged that the intelligence services did indeed have data at their disposal but did not act in time.
   – We express our repugnance and condemnation of the constant crime being committed against the Palestinian people by the Israeli Government.
It might be better to have an overall EU recycling target at EU level and let market forces determine which recycling facilities can achieve the objective in the most cost-effective manner.'
We have now been able to ensure a vast improvement in the coordination of consular offices on the ground, of any teams sent into a crisis zone, and of the deployment of transport when disasters strike.
With the conclusion of an Association Agreement with the Republic of Lebanon, the EU is putting its own political credibility on the line, both internally and externally.
The political dialogue between the EU and its southern neighbours is not restricted simply to the subjects of migration and economic agreements.
Mr President, the fate of the Haug report on Thursday still rests in the lap of the gods, but nevertheless, many thanks for this great endeavour.
In the ELDR Group, however, we have had an extensive discussion on the ability of this industry to compete and in particular on the level playing field within which this sector of industry is supposed to move.
It is in view of this situation that I am today asking you again to uphold the vote which Parliament wisely held last year.
We noticed that.
You said, President Prodi, that we must get past the crisis of last year and that we should turn the page.
It is an aspect of the Internet that needs our attention.
I would therefore call upon the whole Parliament to vote in favour of Amendment No 9, tabled by my colleague Mr Lehne and rejecting the Council' s common position.
There will be a debate on this at the next part-session of the European Parliament, on 16 June 2010.
And they have plenty of petrol there, from what I've understood.
The defence by the Commission in the answers to the Court's comments makes interesting reading.
The next item is the report (A4-0254/96) by Mr Tomlinson, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, on the report from the Commission on guarantees covered by the general budget - situation at 30 June 1995 (COM(95)0625 - C4-0064/96).
The current absorption rate in all funds is 14% and it was 25% before.
In recital S it also refers to the situation in Syria, to where tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of refugees have fled from Jordan and Iraq, but the border is now being closed.
The Structural Funds and the basic principles of cohesion policy, such as an integrated approach, multi-level governance and real partnership, are key elements in achieving the EU 2020 Strategy's objectives, which also means that they must be fully integrated into it.
The same applies to the two supplementary protocols on judicial cooperation and corruption.
I also need to take a look at my own country, which is making far too little use of the opportunity - I am thinking of agricultural and environmental regulation 2078/92 - to make agriculture much more environmentally friendly through cofinancing.
Freedom must serve a purpose.
We must also be effective - we must be able to persuade executive authorities to be effective in implementing our instructions.
I would like to support Mr Blak's remarks.
It is largely energy that is going to define the European Union's capacity to be a great continent, both politically and economically.
The use of the recast technique meets the objective of better lawmaking.
What prospects does the Commissioner for agriculture envisage for tobacco farming in the EU in general and in Spain in particular?
I see it as positive that future presidencies have indicated that they will be continuing the discussions on this subject.
With what is now proposed, we have no idea when that debate is going to start.
We should indeed put the issue of export subsidies on the political agenda and keep it there.
As globalisation goes further and deeper, the policy areas associated with external trade become ever more important.
As we have seen, quite the opposite has happened.
We have therefore tabled amendments to this effect relating both to the content and the methodology.
Across Europe and the world, it behoves us all to stand resolutely against it and its despicable apologists.
Delays in transposition are an endemic problem in the Commission.
The third problem is to do with the tax system, which penalises work and favours capital.
The agricultural area is a shining example.
We need incentives for farmers, especially to encourage young people to move to rural areas.
Nonetheless, Members should be free to put written questions to the Commission and the Council, although I agree that it is important to prevent abuse of this system.
The construction of a new tunnel extremely close to the foundation of the Sagrada Família Cathedral may lead to irreparable damage to that building.
We can use trade policy to promote respect for human rights, energy security, democracy and good governance.
As regards the other amendment, I feel that I should draw attention again to the importance of ensuring transparency in this programme, particularly given the undesirable precedents that have occurred in certain other sectors.
The Commission welcomes this constructive report and supports most of the views expressed in it.
Commissioner, in the case of prices - whether we fix them now in this prices package or reduce them drastically in Agenda 2000 - the problem remains that an intervention system still exists.
The words 'socialism' and 'Communism' may indeed mean different things to different members of our party, but no one could justify the crimes that were perpetrated.
Here is what Mrs Vayssade wrote in a letter dated 8 March 1985. She said that she would like to point out straight away that, pursuant to Rule 5(1) of the Rules of Procedure, a request for the waiver of immunity can only be referred once it has been established that the request is from the appropriate authority.
This means that the result will only be achieved if subsidiarity is not just applied to relations between the Union and the national States but is extended to the territorial authorities - the regional and local authorities - with all due respect for the constitutional systems of the respective countries, of course.
The Europe of today needs to face up to the challenges ahead and we need to learn this lesson now.
So, in accordance with its obligations, the Commission will submit two kinds of financial proposal before the end of the coming six months: a survey of financial prospects for the period 2002-2006 for a Union of fifteen Member States, taking into consideration sums which will continue to be available to cover the cost of enlargement to a number of new Member States.
That is what is forcing principals down this path even where they would actually prefer to concentrate on meeting the educational needs of their students.
We believe in a strong Europe, we believe in a strong Commission and we believe we should be natural allies - let us work to that end.
For weeks now, thousands of migrants have been landing on the shores of the Mediterranean and, in particular, in Malta and Lampedusa, fleeing the situation in their country, where unprecedented political instability reigns.
   Mr President, there are countries in the world that do not take human rights very seriously, including China, the last great Communist dictatorship on the planet.
It is always the same old story, and it is always the same old yarn that you spin for us here.
Parliament is not in opposition to other institutions, it is a balance and it is a brake.
It was warmly welcomed by the Council.
Written statements and oral questions (tabling): see Minutes
As I have said, the nitrates directive is a good and well-known example, but there is also EU legislation on pesticides, genetically modified organisms and consumer protection.
I believe that it is imperative to make a distinction in this regard.
   Thank you for that response.
There is no doubt that these changes spring directly from human activity, mainly in the developed countries that are mostly responsible for high emissions of greenhouse gases.
Obviously, as I myself will be the President of the sitting then, I will not oppose it.
(ES) Mr President, via the Presidency of this House I would like to send a message of condolence and solidarity to various municipalities in Galicia, particularly in the province of Pontevedra, in view of the grave situation they are suffering as a result of serious floods since the weekend.
This is in line with the conclusions drawn by the 2002 UNDP Arab Human Development Report.
As regards Mr Désir's report on corporate social responsibility, I note the statement that 'Commission initiatives should focus on supporting rather than regulating CSR activities'.
Taxes may seem to be an elaborate solution during a crisis, but if such a measure is implemented properly, its impact can extend beyond fiscal matters into education.
They are very expensive in terms of resources and should be used only when the Commission's policy objectives make an inquiry necessary.
(SV) Mr President, Commissioner, Mr Trichet, the euro is ten years old and it has largely passed its tests, even though the current turbulence is not over yet.
I think the President has already planned to take that action, further to Mrs Roth's speech yesterday, but having said that, I will of course discuss it with him.
There is also the concept of smart meters and the imposition of a deadline for their roll-out, namely 10 years after the entry into force of the Directive.
These are areas which we have already discussed and in which we have already done some preparation, but we need to see what progress we can make when it comes to grants, trade, access to our markets and development aid.
Nevertheless Cuba cannot escape with impunity, and it is vital that we send a clear signal to the authorities that violations of fundamental rights, including a lack of medical care for prisoners, cannot be tolerated.
Secondly, we must distinguish between the traditional national minorities of Mr Moraes’s report and the migrant minorities of the Council of Europe.
(CS) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, concerning the new framework strategy for multilingualism, I welcome the conclusions aimed at supporting and respecting linguistic diversity, which is a founding principle of the EU, especially in view of the shortsighted tendency to cut the number of working languages on the foolish grounds of wanting to reduce the amount of money spent on interpreting and translation services.
Where was the passion?
Police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters has, however, remained excluded from the scope of such communitisation.
We also put climate change on the agenda of the Energy, Transport and Competitiveness Councils.
Also very significant is the fact that it ensures European consumers extensive access to services and goods in the automotive market.
Then there is the pressure of time under which these are now being conducted and under which they will also have to be implemented.
Nor is it the case that one particular Fair Trade scheme or Fair Trade label gives that scheme or that label an exclusive right to endorsement.
Yet the tragic fate facing thousands of the country’s citizens is being covered up.
The voter rightly asks what democratic control, what accountability, will be exercised on the Central Bank governor?
I now give the floor to Mr Maat.
Potential for growth and employment will be unnecessarily lost, for example, if workshop personnel are allowed to drive 40-tonne trucks for repair purposes, but not empty buses any more.
A European coastguard service will play a crucial role in future.
Although our peoples have varied experiences, nonetheless a uniform understanding of historical events in the European Union is an absolute necessity.
He said that I was a Stalinist.
The June List has therefore rejected the amendments tabled by the Committee on Culture and Education to the result of Parliament's debates on this matter.
The Swedish labour market model is based on the social partners taking joint responsibility for regulating wages and working conditions.
I would even stress the importance of monitoring the competitive behaviour of fuel markets within the European Union.
We are usually so quick to react to all sorts of events all over the world, with one resolution after another, and yet this fundamental crisis seems to have left us speechless.
Secretary-General Amr Moussa and others have underlined the urgency which is more evident than ever today and he has asked for our help in bringing the parties to the table.
So any group that does not take part in standardization may face economic disadvantages.
This is hardly a balance, therefore.
Even though we have not yet started negotiations for an agreement, we can continue and we have a legal basis.
There are ten or twelve states in the United States which have abolished the death penalty, and here we would need to go down a more difficult road, namely to favour not only investment by our enterprises, but also the presence of our institutions and of representations from our Member States, and through these representations from our regions, promote cultural and economic relationships with those states which have abolished the death penalty, in order to make others understand that abolition is a matter of importance to us Europeans.
I understand that this is something that is under consideration and may, in fact, be nearing the stage of cooperation in my own country.
It incorporates the essential features of my ideal of a European public prosecutor and goes far beyond the minimal concept occasionally put forward, which is based on the belief that it is quite sufficient to protect the financial interests of the European Union.
This is an instrument that aims to last for five years and which, thus, within a framework of multiannual programming, will enable us to give effective support to measures designed to improve conditions of reception, to promote integration and to make voluntary repatriation easier, as well as reintegration into refugees' and displaced persons' countries of origin.
Gentlemen of the Council and the Commission, this Parliament does not know the reasons why you do not want joint action.
Now as regards the boundaries of Europe, I should like to add to what Mr Volcic said about the Caucasus, that right back in antiquity, in the ancient Greek tragedy of Prometheus Bound, it says that this is where the gods tied up Prometheus in order to punish him for giving man fire, that is to say the first elements of modern civilisation.
Having spent Good Friday this year in Shanghai Cathedral where the Veneration of the Cross was celebrated by the Bishop of Shanghai, who spent about 20 years of his life in solitary confinement in prison, I am aware - as are we all - of the remarkable sacrifices made by Christian missionaries, priests and bishops in countries where, alas, freedom of religion is not enjoyed as it is by and large in the European Union.
In conclusion, I would support what has been said about the need to convene another Intergovernmental Conference to examine the necessary reform of European institutions.
The European Parliament and in particular European integration do not generally lend themselves to internal political games which are aimed solely at keeping certain politicians in power from one election to the next.
The last updates were made in 2000 and 2001.
I hope I have given an account to colleagues of why I think it is right course to take and that it is simply a matter of an objective and fair-minded reading of the Protocol rather than an attempt to engage in a political judgement either way about the state of affairs in the Italian Republic.
The constant increase in the number of landless people in Cambodia is contributing to an ever-worsening situation, in that these people have no prospects unless they sell their sons and daughters.
According to the rapporteur, Slovakia should wait because even though the choice made by Parliament in September ought to make it possible for the political requirements of the Copenhagen criteria to be met, the economic situation has deteriorated.
As regards the farmers' liability for defective products, however, we must ensure at all costs that the producers of agricultural inputs - for example seeds, plant-protection and fertilising agents, as well as animal feed pursuant to Directive 85/374/EEC - can be held liable.
We also need to work more closely with our partners from developing countries in order to plan carefully for their participation in and contribution to a future agreement.
Thus, finance ministries will allocate the funds as they see fit according to the interests of their countries, within the wide sphere of infrastructures.
Restricting income and expenditure impacts directly on all countries, because it requires changes to the structure of financing cohesion policy and restricting its scope.
Some people say that there is a tension between these two ideals.
In fact, the Committee on Industrial Affairs, like the Commission, felt that the .eu top-level domain must become operational as soon as possible and must be able to work quickly and efficiently in order to be successful.
If there is better opportunity for scrutiny, we will in turn be willing to delegate much more readily.
However, we should remember that in past years the quality of pesticides was much worse, they were used in much higher doses, many times higher, and, as a result, the pollution in our environment is a consequence of activities in years past.
It is expected that the forthcoming EU-Canada Summit would focus on reinforcement of the political relationship between the two partners, in particular addressing such shared challenges as negotiations on a comprehensive economic trade agreement, foreign and security challenges, a coordinated response to the financial and economic crisis as also climate change and energy.
Does the Finnish Presidency consider that the basic conditions for recognising Turkey as eligible for membership of the European Union should at least comprise dropping the demand for international recognition of a >Turkish-Cypriot state= in the occupied territories of the Republic of Cyprus in order to launch intercommunal talks, Turkey=s agreement to seek settlements of the differences between Greece and Turkey on the basis of international law and its institutions, and the opening of talks on the democratic and cultural rights of the Kurds?
Yet we have a real chance to catch up.
We have been repeatedly told, for example, that the eurozone was shielded from the major repercussions of the economic slowdown in the US.
Needless to say, this will cause problems, certainly in the short term, for smaller clubs in smaller footballing nations, such as the Netherlands.
- Before the vote:
The third aspect is even more sensitive, because women are not only vehicles of peace, but also – alas – vehicles of war; the American servicewoman in the Abu Ghraib prison is a terrible example of that.
No doubt the Commission will come up with more proposals along those lines.
Let it not be thought that research is only just beginning - it was indispensable to past generations' means to live and enjoy life, and indeed to those of our own generation, and that far more so than new technology would have us believe.
The Small Business Act has become incorporated into European thinking in recent times.
More than half the amendments tabled are acceptable to the Commission as they are in principle or in part.
The directive would also ensure that the existing rules were enforced equitably.
That will be enough to change the opinion of the people of the Republic of Ireland.
There is absolutely no mention of this in the impact assessment.
There have been two high court decisions, namely in the House of Lords and the Italian Constitutional Court, which state that the legal protection of designs only protects the design and not the components which constitute it.
Loans are needed for firms to be started up, for training and for infrastructure.
It is worth noting that the EU has surpassed the goals drawn up in Kyoto.
In this particular case the Commission has examined the question on the basis of the legal principles of the working of the single market.
We wish him well on his mission to Baghdad.
On behalf of the Committee on External Economic Relations I should particularly like to thank the rapporteur for agreeing to accept the new conclusions from our committee which he has incorporated in his work and for which I had the honour to draft the opinion.
ITER is an ambitious project that undoubtedly smacks of scientific serendipity: we can find things without knowing how to look for them.
You may ask whether this is contrary to the spirit of the Treaty of Maastricht, but it is clearly not a point which we can debate at the moment.
I sincerely wish President Karzai and ex-king Mohammad Zahir Shah well with all the challenging problems that they face in the months to come.
in writing. - (PT) We denounce the unacceptable political manoeuvre led by the most reactionary sectors of the EP to try to use a report on 'African agriculture' to criticise the legitimate participation of the President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, a full member country of the African Union, in the forthcoming EU-Africa summit meeting.
Much attention has been paid...
Ombudsman institutions exist in all ten of the states that will join the Union next year.
Fishing communities which have seen their fleets cut must now be supported to be able to retain what is left and encouraged to break in with new developments.
With regard to the UN, if a matter is not sufficiently serious in the eyes of the Americans for it to assert the right to state the rules of international law and to support this with military action, the UN goes from humiliation to rebuff to retreat, and its list of failures, from the UN peacekeepers of the former Belgian Congo to the intervention mission to Sierra Leone, must be a long one.
It is well-known that, with regard to the European Prosecutor, the Italian Government and the current Union Presidency have decided to adhere to the text submitted to the European Union by the Convention.
This structure is poorly suited to administrative structure and multi-annual financial frameworks.
Germany, France, Belgium and other like-minded countries could embark on a programme of close and mutual military cooperation within the framework of NATO and establish a Defence Community that would act as a strong European pillar of NATO.
Parliament should simply take a clear position, to put an end to this debate once and for all.
Today’s debate concerns the report by Mr Marinho, whom I should like to congratulate on the quality of his work.
I have also been a member of the Convention, and for ten years in a row I have represented my country in different formations of the Council.
If the people of Europe are to know, firstly, that this Constitution exists, and secondly, having given it some thought, that they want it, it is vital that they themselves should be asked.
It is indeed important to distinguish between what should be done and what the Commission needs to do.
Despite the fact that these high-flown ideas have mainly been rejected, that they do not form part of the Hague Programme and that they have aroused the fierce opposition of hundreds of NGOs and of a great many members both of national parliaments and of this House, we remain concerned, because the Hague Programme includes a reference to a feasibility study on the processing of asylum applications outside the EU and because we are also aware that EUR 1 million has been released to enable the High Commissioner for Refugees to strengthen its capacities for dealing with asylum seekers in North African countries.
The text also supports the four-part policy structure formulated for flexicurity by the Commission.
While it is difficult to forecast the outcome of the current round, the one thing we can be certain about is that a reduction in tariff protection will be part of any agreement.
What is more, Kuwait is a signatory to the UN' s International Convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women.
In this way, Mr President, I believe we will be able to respond to the difficult situations being experienced by certain Latin American countries and create an extensive range of relations between our two regions which should culminate - and this is what Parliament wants - in the coming summit of Heads of State in Mexico, and we hope that these agreements can lead the way to a strategic and bi-regional partnership which will result in this global partnership we want to see.
I, too, am not satisfied by the way human rights are being observed and by how democracy is functioning in Kiev, but what have you done - what has this House done, and what have all those who have today, with such high principles, condemned the situation with Mrs Tymoshenko - what have you done to send a clear signal to Kiev and other cities of Ukraine that we are their friends and allies, that we are waiting for them, and that this House should one day be enlarged by the presence of Ukrainian Members?
We must remain vigilant, but must not lump everything together by listing examples of individual attacks perpetrated in Member States fighting against racism and homophobia with extreme positions openly adopted by some governments.
It is very important that we, as Europeans, ensure that we also take the European message to Belarus, thereby offering a prospect of hope there.
I believe that if we were just voting on Mr Díaz de Mera's report, as such, with the ideas that he has been putting forward, I would be fully in favour.
2008 discharge: European Medicines Agency
Real European integration of former communist countries requires not just truth and restitution but also the condemnation of dictatorship.
In spite of the present circumstances, I hope to be able to bring forward the proposal.
Talking of clearing and settlement market regulation, we must recognise that this is a complex matter which perhaps needs to be solved gradually.
This is, of course, a reaction, but we also have to be proactive in order to avoid ending up with all these lies or half truths circulating about what is going on.
Shortly afterwards, the Hungarian Foreign Minister, together with his Austrian counterpart, Alois Mock, cut through the Iron Curtain.
The European People's Party attaches particular importance to anti-discrimination policy.
This development is aggravated by the steadily increasing monopolization of production and, above all, distribution; as a result, inferior cultural products imported from America and elsewhere dominate the market.
What will you be doing to ensure that those two things occur?
That is a fact.
Commissioners and Members of the European Parliament have no business saying anything here.
As Mr Alvaro has just said, admittedly rather cautiously, we can have another look at this in six months' time.
I hope that we can end up with a serious conference, a situation in which commitments entered into will not just be taken seriously but be verified and verifiable as well.
I welcome the fact, however, that Parliament rejected Amendments Nos 16, 17 and 18, which were intended to restrict the average annual Community budget to a maximum of 1% of Community GNP – in line with the wishes of the signatories of the ‘Letter of the Six’ – and to renationalise, or, to put it more accurately, to do away with the Community regional policy.
We are certainly not arguing for all payments of agricultural subsidies to a specific country to be suspended, however; what we are saying is that if things continuously go wrong in a certain sector, the Commission must be able to stop paying the money into the Member State's account until the situation improves.
That is the salami solution: decisions are taken in small chunks and before we know it, we are facing a .
These include the mid-term review of Agenda 2000, consumer protection and enlargement.
I share this view and believe that these measures can be taken by each country which has introduced the euro without any contribution from the EU budget.
Let us look at how we can improve the current system within the means that we have.
We must ensure that regional aspects are taken into account.
We have hardly anything to be proud of, in my view, as regards the exemption which will be made in respect of companies belonging to the European Union, when we leave our partners in the third countries to face the power of America alone.
I am very well aware of the implications of the Treaty.
We have now agreed to re-arrange the entire budget in a number of clearly defined sectors according to international agreements in the field of poverty control and, following on from this, to submit annual reports on the results within the various sectors to our Parliament.
As employment statistics show, labour market reforms have not, unfortunately, been strong enough to create the sort of momentum which translates into new jobs, to the point that, even in countries such as Greece which has growth of around 4%, unemployment is still a problem.
Shame on you!
The truth is that we need a new framework of rules for Europe and, therefore, the impulse that gave rise to the Constitution was entirely correct.
The Council of Transport Ministers needs to take a political decision to address this.
We can discuss this with each other for a long time, but in the meantime the closure of Chernobyl would be jeopardized.
The investment needs to be visionary.
But first allow me a quick word on the implementation of the 2007 programme.
For me it is simple.
We believe that the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs should have responsibility for those issues now being dealt with by the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities.
It brilliantly supports the aim of a common maritime policy to boost growth, employment and sustainable development, at the same time building on a firm knowledge base of maritime research.
You were elected with a healthy majority.
Under these circumstances, the duties fall to myself.
This is a great opportunity, as Mr Harbour and others have said.
It is not necessary to separate so-called core and value-added services, contrary to the view of the rapporteur.
It is pure selfishness.
This means that the risks involved in using this technology will also be greater than anywhere in the world.
Therefore, to convince our partners in development to join us, we must obviously address the question of the aid they should be given and not wait for the results of the Copenhagen Summit.
It is because the EU economy is now the largest in the world.
The sub-committee would consist of representatives of the Member States and professional bodies.
I am sure we will not have the success we are actually looking for next year either, but we will see that they are becoming more meaningful, as it were, sector by sector.
I am therefore asking the Commissioner to make very clear in her speech that the Commission is thinking of going further and also to say when we can expect other proposals.
For example, waste should only be shipped where truly necessary and unfortunately the proposed regulation is not as strong as it should be on this.
Mr President, it would appear from the last speech that the Government of the United Kingdom is responsible for the violence in Colombia.
There should also be coordination at European network level.
   Mr President, President of the Commission, it seems that some of our Member States have been seized by a seven-year itch: it is the irresistible urge to scratch around for the best financial deal for themselves.
European unification is a project of peace and freedom.
Let us not delude ourselves that the newly-established EU diplomacy will play a leading role from the outset, when the individual Member States have such strong particularistic interests.
They will also permit an exchange of data elements, in real time, between customs authorities, in order to perform risk analysis and improve controls within the framework of common risk management.
We must make it clear that the interests of the Commission and its members are not necessarily ours, and I think that in this light the two reports which have been submitted can be given our full approval.
The Commission should contact in particular the ministers of health and education in the Northern Ireland Assembly, Ms de Brun and Mr Martin McGuinness.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I honestly would have preferred not to have witnessed this afternoon's debate.
Too many cosy deals were done with other people's money and people were prepared to turn a blind eye to the weaknesses of those deals.
This also means that we should not bring to this House any national disagreements or dissensions (which are real and deep), as were regrettably brought from Spain some months ago, as you well know.
For the EU, it will also serve to guarantee compliance with Community legislation.
   Mr President, the European Union must raise concerns about the unhealthy practices that have developed alongside the industrialisation and mass transportation of livestock in parts of Asia.
This figure is smaller than we had hoped, but it does provide a basis for drawing up long-term development plans, something that is particularly important for the poorest regions in Europe.
It is imperative that the particular circumstances of the outermost regions be taken into account in the context of these negotiations, in accordance with Article 299 of the Treaty.
The President of the European Parliament, Mr Pöttering, also took part in these discussions, and we worked out a common position.
I think it is necessary to correlate the TEN-T (Trans-European Network of Transport) strategy, where the Danube comes under point 18, with the new territorial and economic development strategy, so that development takes place in a cohesive manner.
Clearly the cross-border delivery of professional services by people whose qualifications are mutually and unimpeachably recognised, in a manner that addresses the issues of quality and consumer protection raised by a number of my colleagues, is an absolutely indispensable part of that move forward to complete the internal market.
This is also an international problem going far beyond the boundaries of the European Union, thus calling for the efforts of the entire international community.
We should remember that the European Parliament asked in October 2001 for 10% of the Community development cooperation budget to be allocated to health.
It would be impossible to deal with disasters like flooding or major fires, in particular, without unpaid, unsalaried workers.
That, however, would mean forgetting the generations of workers who have died as a result of working with asbestos, even though its harmful nature was already known.
Moreover, I would be grateful if we held it in Brussels and not in Strasbourg.
I myself worked on the soil protection directive.
I certainly feel that random sampling is something we are going to have to learn to live with.
The signing of the Lisbon Treaty and the EU-Africa summit will take their place as landmarks in European history.
I would add one word of caution.
Sporting events and the men and women who take part in them captivate millions in stadia and on television screens and motivate people to copy their idols and engage in sport.
That means, for example - and we voted on this last month - setting up a European public prosecutor, reinforcing Eurojust and reinforcing Europol.
I understand that there may be some problems concerning ratification by some Member States.
(Applause)
Everyone will acknowledge the value of clear regulations in a continually developing field where the economic and legal stakes are considerable.
I am wondering, therefore, if you are preparing such a ban and if it would not fit in very well with your approach to the precautionary principle itself to come up with such an initiative.
The examples which the rapporteur gives are very good ones, but our work on simplifying texts and making them more readable must focus on both existing and future legislation.
It does not bode well for continued cooperation within the EU that power is more important than intellectual arguments.
This is long-standing quarrel between the European Parliament and the Commission, I know.
More specifically, with regard to the problem of setting up a permanent working group, my group has reservations.
I share the rapporteur's concern about the exceptionally low expenditure of resources in the objective regions in Belgium.
Moreover, it is in breach of the principles of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights.
The list of the Members who requested the floor shows which Members took the floor under Rule 150 in the previous sitting.
Your word is all we need to correct the Minutes.
If we allow global warming to continue, the dreaded, worst-case scenario in northwestern Europe may well take place. Warming could divert North Atlantic sea currents, causing northern Fennoscandia to have a far more severely cold climate than it does now as a result.
I pray that this new country may have wisdom, so that law and justice can flourish there.
In relation to the Middle East, I would still insist that for us, as Europeans, the Middle East peace process and the problem there will remain amongst the priorities of our foreign and security policy.
In a sharp reaction to an irresponsible American intervention, power fell into the hands of the Khmer Rouge, a movement that laboured under the illusion that the destruction of the cities and the intellectuals would mean major progress for the poor farming population.
We need better infrastructure for our inland waterways to improve our links with Eastern Europe, and there is not a single inland waterways project in the TENs, nor is there a single project under our programmes of aid to Eastern Europe.
This practical example once again shows how inadequate the current measures have been.
Secondly, we are going to experience a very severe recession.
We are quite a long way from it but we have made some progress.
As far as the last comment is concerned, on coordinating aid and intervention in Somalia, I have to say that, obviously, the European Union is working together with the United Nations, it is implementing some of its programmes and it is one of the founder members of the initiative to coordinate aid to Somalia set up in Nairobi.
It worries me that we are sending the wrong signal to the citizens of Turkey and reinforcing the influence of anti-European and Islamic fundamentalist forces.
We live in an area of freedom, security and justice, where European citizens enjoy freedom of movement.
Activities are provided for under the strand of research infrastructure that would have important implications for some regions in Europe, and, last but not least, the Eranet and the Eranet+ activities that will also involve research players at regional level.
It also needs to be able to speak to the world with one, strong voice as a force of peace and cooperation.
In this context, the Council would like to draw Parliament's attention to the fact that it is in the process of finalising the fourth round of mutual evaluations on the practical implementation of the European arrest warrant and the surrender procedures between the Member States.
The Commission in its communication is right when it recommends the partial relief of loans.
The southern Mediterranean countries are begging us to make a determined effort to come up with solutions quickly.
A European Union with an exemplary policy on national minorities could even take more effective action in the Caucasus too.
Do we use our own judgement?
My own view is that the best solution with regard to overall emissions is to switch to systems that use carbon dioxide.
Thank you for your speech, Mr Farage.
Mr President, Commissioner, Mr President-in-Office, to start with the question of the enlargement strategy, I should like to say that, judging from enlargements to date and from how we approach new candidate countries, I think that the policy of the European Union does not always help in addressing the economic and social problems of the workers and of the societies which have acceded or will accede and, in numerous cases, assistance, financial and otherwise, is either inadequate or goes in the wrong direction and, as a result, regional and social equalities are either perpetuated or extended.
I declare adjourned the session of the European Parliament.
Of course, we reject ideas of levelling quality downwards and we want EU production to receive attention and be valued.
For this reason I believe we must tell the Swiss that we cannot and will not accept exorbitant charges.
Action has to be taken to rectify the situation and to address this pressing issue.
I would very much like to know on what kind of scientific evidence the Greens are basing all these amendments.
We are therefore calling on the Council and the Commission not just to take up a position for Hu Jia but also to use the next EU-China summit to call for a commitment to human rights.
We welcome Parliament's intensive interest in this subject and in particular the constructive and very ambitious stance of Mr Titley's report which encourages the Council to pursue and improve further its work in this area.
My only criticism is that an attempt has been made to hijack the report on behalf of the Taiwan lobby.
We are, then, preparing special legislation which we are now rushing through and which will, of course, mean that smaller airlines that wish to enter the market with competitive prices will not be allowed to offer this service to us as consumers, who shall instead have to put up with airlines which do not deliver the goods and which - when they do deliver them - only do so at unduly high prices.
Thank you, Commissioner.
It is the natural setting for children.
Mr President, we in the Committee on Foreign Affairs - in agreement, I believe, with the supporting committees, namely the Committee on Budgets and the Committee on Industry - wish to recommend rejection.
   Mr President, I get the disagreeable feeling that the rapporteur sees the fight against terrorism as just as big a problem as terrorism itself.
We have discussed doping, and today we are faced with an even more serious matter, the individual case of a company.
   Mr President, progress in Europe over a generation shapes the response to the political challenge since the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
If the quotas are abolished it will mean the investments that farmers have made buying quotas and thereby stabilising production conditions will have gone to waste.
The Commission has already undertaken a number of initiatives in order to boost consumer confidence in the internal market.
   Mr President, I accept Commissioner Vitorino’s call for citizens to be informed.
That is the minimum, for otherwise, there is little point to it.
However, what was less expected was the degree to which the pluralistic forces were able to get together.
In addition to its symbolic import, its cultural and psychological effects, it will imply and generate a powerful integrating logic which is going to change everything: monetary policies, economic policies and budgetary policies, etc.
The European Parliament must not be excluded from participation in decision-making on transport issues.
We have been given assurances on the basis of which we can always call the new Member States to account after their accession.
How will an equal distribution of applicants for asylum in the EU be achieved if standards vary because Member States are obliged to retain higher standards?
The next item is the report (A4-0282/98) by Mr Gallagher, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on the proposal for a Council Regulation on the conclusion of a Protociol setting out the fishing opportunities and financial contribution provided for in the agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Madagascar on fishing off Madagascar for the period from 21 May 1998 to 20 May 2001 (COM(98)0390 - C4-0456/98-98/0217(CNS)).
Whether his abilities, which were not up to coping with energy issues, will be adequate for the tax portfolio remains to be seen.
In that regard, 26 years is probably a good compromise and we can readily accept it.
I would like to thank Mrs Fraga Estévez for chairing our committee but, above all, I would like to thank the Commissioner.
Secondly, as announced in June, work has begun on a review of EU human rights policy.
The current example of E10 in Germany demonstrates that this is not happening.
There are sound arguments for stopping using them immediately.
One of those affected is the Director-General of the Fisheries Directorate-General, Mr Smidt, who, I would like to make abundantly clear, enjoys my complete confidence; he and I work well together.
I am also pleased that the report is very clear on the fact that we must ensure the full and complete application of the Geneva Convention and refuse to accept any attempt to renegotiate it.
I believe there could not be a more apt and at the same time more bitter example than that of Iceland today.
Why?
For example, the proposal will allow for the mobilisation of extra transport equipment and will provide a platform upon which to contribute to the development of early warning systems.
I would like to thank the President-in-Office for that reply, even though I think it is wholly unacceptable that the Council will not discuss the treaty which the European Council has just concluded.
I do think that the constitution has to give everyone who possesses a right, the additional right to approach the ECJ in Luxembourg, a right that 380 million Europeans are meant to be given by the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
Energy conservation must come first.
As a new MEP and a representative of a new Member State, I find the very existence of the Bilbao Agency a matter for concern.
We live in a world of rules and regulations: let us regulate the Internet too and give our fellow citizens rules and hope for the future.
I therefore call on the Council not to let another year pass without saving human lives, like those of the 19 Ogonis.
In the end, although this report is nominally about Russia, in reality it concerns us too.
This is because, rather than merely recognising common fundamental values, it was decided to share those values in legislative acts; because the Constitution prioritises norms over permanent negotiation; because it affirms the sovereignty of acts and the inalienable dignity of man as a reason for, and an objective of, European policies; because it articulates a programme of global justice that transcends national interests and complements the effectiveness of Member States’ internal constitutions; because it brings together modern European political identity in a system of universal values incorporating all of the other identities; because it represents the sense of belonging to a cosmopolitan and anthropocentric world; because it is the starting point for a league of nations in a more rational and more balanced world; because it is the constitutional homeland with which all homelands identify in this Europe, with a view to creating a new Europe.
In conclusion, all the indications are that the civil defence sector is one where the EU needs a capacity to act, because some disasters are on a scale too big for individual Member States to tackle.
Ankara must understand this and must not be offended by the fact that we will be asking questions, assessing the situation and checking that the rights of the Kurdish minority are respected, and that they enjoy the same rights as all other ethnic minorities in the European Union.
The resolution proposed by the political forces of the European Left, through the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left, is similar in spirit.
This would simply mean jumping out of the frying pan into the fire.
In our view, the overtones of the report drafted by Mr Markov appeared on first sight to be that free trade exacerbates poverty rather than reducing it. Our group rejected this position.
As the euro comes in we expect a growth in trade across our frontiers and the procedures for dealing effectively with this trade must be in place.
I shall not go into all the points which the rapporteur has made, but simply present the overall view of the Liberal Group as a guideline for the future work of the Commission and the Council, since that is ultimately what is at issue.
There is sufficient evidence to warrant a whole re-think on the health implications of these masts.
First, in relation to political support, I was glad to hear Mr Brok referring to the visit of representatives from the transitional National Assembly to this Parliament recently, and it was a welcome event.
There I think the election has been going on for ages, and we still do not know who the Democratic candidate for the Presidential elections is.
We have clearly identified the remaining shortcomings in relation to these issues in the Accession Partnership.
There is also an awareness-raising programme and different campaigns.
Quality of petrol and diesel fuels
In opposing this report, the CPNT (Hunting, Fishing, Nature and Tradition) delegation to the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities draws attention to the fact that foreign policy, more so than any other, cannot be created by harmonising on the basis of averages and that it cannot be created, either, by using millions that we do not have.
We should therefore be making it a priority of the Luxembourg presidency to encourage the Commission to put real resources into consultations at an early stage in its proposals and to test whether its competitiveness is appropriate.
Today is the anniversary of the birth of that regime. It is a significant date of grave import, particularly for the Catholic and Protestant minority of Vietnamese Montagnards who are being oppressed by this regime.
Therefore, I abstained, in the belief that progress on a European patent system is needed, but that the best solution would be one language only: English.
In general, during the debates on human rights on Thursday afternoons, when I usually take the floor, we find ourselves discussing extremely serious and dangerous cases indeed. They tend to be cases of violation of human rights, murder and rape.
In the course of yesterday's meeting between the Commission as a whole and the German Government, I met with Mr Naumann, the Culture Minister, and put this view to him.
Guaranteeing agricultural incomes at decent levels is not just an economic issue.
We also have to take into consideration research in the field of alternative fuels.
I think that in the Internal Market Committee we can all be proud that we have reached a consensus on increased transparency and ways to finally eliminate the problem of bill shock.
We put this challenge to our fellow Members.
I believe that today's text will provide a good basis for effective cooperation between the European Commission and the European Parliament in the future.
I welcome all that has been said about the vulnerability of small businesses and I wonder if the UK is going to introduce any measures to ameliorate their situation.
But we have managed to made significant headway through Community action.
The presidency told the Government and opposition parties that the European Union was prepared to provide further support for economic and democratic development in Albania, as long as the country made it possible for the EU to do so by restoring order and making internal changes.
December I part-session (4 and 5 December, Brussels):
Ukraine (
We need China in order to isolate Iran, so that neither Iran nor anyone that dares to say that they are going to wipe Israel off the map has access to a nuclear bomb.
The drive for democracy must be based on local ownership and respect for local sensitivities.
They also would not agree to take climate change issues related to livestock production into consideration.
   This is not a time for debate, ladies and gentlemen.
I hope further results will be achieved with our Iranian partners.
Support should be provided for modernising and renewing national fishing fleets, which would mean a definitive end to the policy of the indiscriminate scrapping of vessels.
Let us hope it is gone forever.
In an enlarged Europe, more effective systems for managing our legislation have become an absolute necessity.
The compromise that is now being struck is a great improvement on the one in Mrs Breyer's proposal, which was the subject of vote in the Commission.
I voted for the report, which should ensure more transparency for bodies that create standards in the construction industry, places an emphasis on recycling and gives SMEs an easier route to the single market with simplified procedures.
It is very difficult to set up joint rules on illegal material.
An exchange of information is obviously vital.
In this report, therefore, we have specified three main objectives that we think should be pursued: setting up multi-fund programmes, enhancing technical assistance and drawing up a European guide.
We oppose all efforts - and I say this unequivocally and categorically - to include political-military structures in the EEAS, regardless of whether this happens now or in the future, as has been recently proposed by France, among others, in the Council.
The Federal Government in Germany completely failed in connection with the EHEC epidemic.
Are there any comments?
Mr President, the Identity, Tradition and Sovereignty Group congratulates you, of course.
Let us hope that we can get this concluded well before December.
I am rather surprised at the length of time it take for this House to be to some extent informed about the draft agreement, whereas lobbyists and other groups have the complete texts of agreements made available to them.
When revising expenditure programmes, the Court suggests applying a set of principles to ensure that European added value is likely, that the objectives are clear, that the schemes are as realistic and simple as is reasonably possible, and that accountability is also clear.
They are our main allies.
If it is possible for something to be treated with contempt here, then it will be.
My question then is: Where are the cuts to be made?
Perhaps I might ask Mr Fischler if there is any progress made in this direction.
Only when this has been achieved, when this has been established on the basis of a workable criterion, will we ordinary citizens have the impression that the European Union, Mr President, Madam Commissioner, is anything more than one enormous market-place.
I call on the Commission to defend the high level of protection provided by the European regulatory framework during the course of the negotiations under way.
We in the European Union must follow these regulations and ensure that we follow the same patterns.
It is vital that the citizens accept the euro.
We cannot allow it to continue.
in writing. - (PL) I am voting in favour of the report on the proposal relating to the Regulation of the European Parliament and Council concerning roaming on public mobile telephone networks within the Community and amending Directive 2002/21/EC on the common regulatory framework for electronic communications.
Will similar restrictions be lifted in areas of the United Kingdom not affected by the disease?
The appeal I would make at the end of my contribution, therefore, is that the high-level group announced by the Commissioner this morning, which is to begin its work very shortly, should make a real effort to find a way of protecting farmers' interests, somehow seeking an outcome which is in keeping with the declared objectives - very ambitious ones - of the reform.
   . Mr President, there are no institutional barriers separating one group from another, and there is nothing to prevent anyone from demonstrating their worth and being rewarded for it.
Unfortunately the change over to digital TV in Malta is creating new monopolies where consumers are simply being asked to pay for the screening of popular sports events which until today have been enjoyed free of charge.
The criteria in the Treaty cannot be changed.
We obviously need to examine these attacks or apparent attacks to find out what went wrong with our security systems, but there is no doubt, as has been said time and again here this afternoon, that the counter-terrorism policy must be a carefully thought-out, calm and deliberate policy and must be applied in a proportional manner.
Nor can I believe any longer in the dogma of interest rates which remain constantly low.
Instead, the Commission and parts of the European Parliament visualise a smart card on which all your data would be stored.
The natural thing to do, of course, would be for us to take seriously the promises we made to the electorate, to take seriously the fact that this House should be made up of people with a direct popular mandate, and to take seriously the fact that it is not governments but elected representatives who change the Treaties.
Lastly, on this subject, I also hope we can again discuss the so-called 'right to information' , a right which, because of equal opportunities, should clearly concern not only the citizens of the European Union but also all those living outside who receive programmes produced inside the EU.
At the same time we should avoid this discussion appearing to be a smoke-screen, hiding the fact that market forces are destroying public services and doing away with 'public service' as an operative concept.
There are three main concerns evident throughout Mrs Schaffner's report.
(DE) Madam President, the battle is over and at least for the next parliamentary term, Mr Yanukovich will be president of Ukraine.
Adults must adapt to the continuous change imposed by globalisation and take decisions in order to be able to survive while maintaining an adequate quality of life.
   Mr President, for a pluralist assembly such as ours today is a great day, both because of the very well-produced report by Mr Laschet in which all types of suggestion have been accepted, and because of the presence of the Secretary-General of the UN, Kofi Annan, in order to receive the Sakharov Prize, which represents a strengthening of International Law as the only way to resolve conflicts internationally.
Action is needed to do away with stereotypes in this regard.
The submission of the Serbian Government's replies to the European Commission's questionnaire, which Prime Minister Cvetković will hand over to Commissioner Füle this month, will be an historic step for the Serbian state and for all its citizens.
The question, of course, is where the illegal occupying regime in northern Cyprus finds the nerve to take such action, especially in an area under British sovereignty.
The common area of freedom, security and justice is the one in which the greatest progress has been achieved to date - a view shared by the Russian side.
Today some people think Europe is part of the problem rather than part of its solution.
This concerns everybody involved in fisheries and will provide greater understanding of wastage and how that system can be improved, also in terms of the Hail system and declaring the target species to be caught.
We must get away from the 15 different systems I mentioned earlier; however, we must ensure that Member States have an input, and in those areas where higher standards exist we must insist that they are maintained.
Mr Brock, in particular, got it right when he said that there is a mystery in our relationship with things that makes us realise that we have not mastered everything, that however advanced we may be, we have not got the answer to all problems that nature poses to humans and the magnitude of this earthquake reminds us of exactly that.
(DE) Mr President, I am convinced that the proposal for a Services Directive on which we have voted represents the achievement of a good compromise between freedom to provide services on the one hand, and the need to impose restrictions in the interests of workers and of small and medium-sized enterprises on the other.
That way lies folly and further trouble.
The theory that transfers of company seats can be arranged such that a company is started up in a neighbouring country and then one's own company merged with it under the Directive on mergers could scarcely be more bureaucratic.
These statements – and I am addressing the under-secretary, Mr Antonione – were utterly unacceptable and totally devoid of any connection with the policy expressed by the European Union up to now.
To achieve this, we need, accordingly, to introduce diesel filters or recycle exhaust gases and introduce selective catalytic reduction devices.
In the future, economic development will have a decisive influence on the reduction of poverty, especially investment in small and medium business, which provides the local market in developing countries with goods and services and creates higher added value, and offers opportunities for world trade.
The citizens of Serbia are entitled to know the truth about the recent policies of war committed in their name.
We need it but we cannot treat the Franco-German axis as if there were still only 12 of us.
Secondly, we should welcome the fact that through the conciliation procedure Parliament was able to convince the Council that the European Commission should be responsible for central management of the programme as it has been so far.
These are two topics which, of their nature, are very European.
Neo-liberalism has plainly and simply ruined the economy and a wind of change in Europe is long overdue.
This proposal was accepted by the Standing Veterinary Committee and, when it is formally adopted, Member States will be required to ensure removal of the vertebral column.
Does the Council believe that each Member State has the right to prohibit such flights over its territory?
Poland, like the Slovak Republic, cannot escape the need to adapt its educational system, not only in relation to the European Union, but also in the context of globalization and the development of the new technologies we are seeing today.
These reports also contribute to the process of building confidence in the ICT sector.
Mr President, Commissioner, the integration of the economies of the poorest countries into the world trade system will remain an illusion unless the returns envisaged take into account the difficulties which those countries have in trading and, particularly, in developing.
The Cold War may be over, but real wars, conflicts between groups, regions and states, have not subsided.
Unfortunately, we have been forced to note that Mrs Jeggle's report has failed to live up to the high expectations that we had of it, amongst other things in the way it stresses that high standards of animal protection lead to reduced competitiveness.
We are trying to create one.
We are talking about things that seriously damage the marketplace.
We have been working on this in my DG since then.
Much has been done so far, but daunting challenges remain ahead of us.
There are lessons to be learnt in our dialogue with the United States, in particular, regarding governance, regarding solidarity, regarding transparency and regulation of the global economy, and for we Europeans there are lessons to be learnt as regards the safeguarding - I use that word deliberately - the consolidation of the internal market, in the 'reconciliation of the market and society', to repeat a word that I have adopted as my own, used by Mario Monti, to whom President Barroso has moreover usefully entrusted a task on this issue.
I see it as an essential anchor for the preservation of multiculturalism and the need to state that not everything can be liberalised, that liberalisation must firstly and ultimately serve the citizens, who are the ones who should benefit.
Last week, the mayor of Diyarbakir, Osman Baydemir, was banned from leaving the country.
The rapporteur calls for a comprehensive and in-depth review of existing restrictive measures and I believe that she is right to do so.
If we do not react responsibly and correctly in the weeks to come, we could see a split starting to form.
Perhaps it is necessary to begin applying pressure which is very much stronger than at present.
I believe that the European institutions can strengthen each other mutually and that we can all emerge as winners from this constructive debate.
Although now, contrary to what happened in the Communist era, various parties take part in the elections, the power resides with one party once more, other parties are systematically sabotaged and the leader of the ruling party is being glorified.
The Council is also examining the possibility of further action, whereby it must always be ensured – and I know that you agree with this – that any action taken must not harm the population.
Nevertheless, operators will stop having ecopoints from 1 January 2004 and it is therefore necessary to adopt a decision with regard to the immediate application of the future provisional points system and allow the circulation of lorries in transit through Austria in a clear and decisive manner, with those limitations which, once again, I am pointing out.
I support the European Parliament's position and the external activity of the EIB, although I would stress the regrettable fact that financing projects outside the European Union often harms competitiveness within the EU in cases of direct competition.
Member States and the Commission are not shouldering their responsibilities.
   – Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome the amendments to the structural funds that the Council adopted in the recent negotiations.
We also suggest not focusing exclusively on the situation of countries in debt but balancing it with an assessment of countries in surplus.
After all, health insurance is expensive enough as it is.
The Community aid provided for in this regulation can and should help to achieve greater compliance with the , in order to prepare for the takeover which will be necessary after a solution to the Cyprus issue has been found, and indeed one of the primary aims of this financial support instrument is to promote such a solution.
In other words, his left knee does not mutually recognise his right any more and he is not able to be here today.
President Prodi, there is no way around true reform in agriculture.
It is in governments' interests to cooperate openly and in a more systematic manner within the Euro Council and to work on achieving the best possible harmony between the monetary and budgetary policies.
For these reasons, the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece abstained from the vote.
The problem is, that single market and its success and its future development are far too often taken for granted.
I am in favour of the report as it aims to regulate and simplify legislation on braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors.
How will the external impact of the industry strategy be evaluated?
I think it would be better if the Commission did not propose a code of conduct on minimum standards for consultation for itself, but rather if we could jointly consider whether there is not some scope for all three institutions to make a joint commitment under an Interinstitutional Agreement.
We are often prone to think that the European social model is timeless, but social policy must clearly also change, not only through globalisation, but also through the economy, social expectations, the demographic challenge and changing values, since we must find suitable responses to the challenges we face.
The timing of an agreement is critical to its success.
Mr President, the military dictatorship in power in Burma is once again becoming notorious for its cruelty, its inhumanity, its despotism.
We are just at the beginning.
Subject: Ratification of Europe Agreements
We should not, in our ongoing existential reflection, neglect the question as to how we can best enhance a stable zone of liberty and democracy in our south-eastern and eastern neighbourhood, be it for instance Turkey or the Western Balkans, Ukraine or Belarus.
Amidst the chaos accompanying the breakdown of law and order, this island would give the children the opportunity to join the mainstream of society and enjoy normal lives.
It will cover such topics as the stabilisation, reconstruction and state building in Iraq, a common strategy on Iran and, generally speaking, possible ways of preventing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the tactics to be adopted when dealing with repressive and dictatorial regimes and dysfunctional states.
in writing. - (PT) The fight against the serious public health problem of overweight- and obesity-related disease must be a priority from the early stages of life.
One of the main points of interest to our group is also the supervision and control of expenditure on projects under the MEDA, PHARE and TACIS programmes.
Earlier, when you were talking of the initiatives for Algeria, you did not note that the European Parliament was the first to react to the situation in that country.
In this context I should like to cite three aspects: firstly geographical disadvantages - even after enlargement, Madeira or the Greek islands will always be on the margins of Europe -, then climatic factors - northern Finland or northern Sweden will always be cold and will suffer as a result - and lastly historical factors.
The vote will take place tomorrow, Tuesday, at noon.
Let us not forget the basis on which those refugees were created. They were created by vile, violent and ethnically-based confrontation.
For the mainstream programmes which represent over 90 % of the financial envelope available in the Structural Funds, the Commission has set clear guidelines which explicitly encourage the support of a balanced and sustainable development of tourism, in particular through three activities:
It is then important for the remaining financial requirements to be covered by EU financial aid.
Town councils, for example, are unaware that they could be EMAS certified and set a great example.
These four parts, which are each of independent importance, must be coordinated.
The directive on equal treatment should therefore not come into being at all.
It should then be repeated half a year later.
Furthermore, if the European Union unilaterally applies traceability and labelling requirements to imported products and carries out checks without an adequate scientific basis, it may create a trade dispute with third countries which results in the matter being referred to the World Trade Organisation.
All of these events and problems have one common thread: no European country, not even the very biggest, can handle such problems alone.
I will endeavour to be of assistance to the honourable Members in this regard and I will draw this matter to the attention of Mr Yates, President-in-Office of the Agriculture Council.
However, I would also like to say that the way in which you yourself have reacted is not calculated to help Alstom either.
I confirm that I voted for the Capoulas Santos report, but I would like to point to two aspects that may become untenable for farmers in my country.
The project is being developed too slowly and in a lacklustre way, and we do not like the Commission's position, reiterated by Mr Landaburu a week ago, which stated that the Commission is neutral between South Stream and Nabucco.
I hope that we can pursue this approach so that the public finds out which Member States are meeting their responsibilities, and which are failing to do so.
Secondly, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, you have stated quite unequivocally in many interviews that you do not regard organisations such as the OSCE as merely incidental, as something that can be pushed aside.
   The final version of the agenda for the present part-session as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of 7 April pursuant to Rules 130 and 131 of the Rules of Procedure has been distributed.
Written statement (Rule 142)
Improved access by road and even by motorways, which we should not fail to build where they are still needed.
I agree with Commissioner Patten that the future Palestinian State must be territorially contiguous and viable and not peppered by Israeli settlements, whilst clearly the right of return needs delicate handling.
In conclusion, the challenges posed by Iran weigh very heavy in my portfolio.
Fourthly, we need to attach the necessary importance to the financial sphere.
Certain regions of the new EU Member States continue, however, to experience multiple disadvantages.
Turkey's accession is now inevitable, despite the unanimous opinion of the people of Europe who are, whether they be from the East or from the West, Copenhagen's big losers.
We are now discussing the Watson report, and in this regard I would like to stress the need for the Union to have a European search and arrest warrant which replaces the formal extradition procedure for terrorist crimes as soon as possible.
It is not acceptable that only computer simulations should be used, as has recently been the trend.
Case studies show that savings of the order of 12% could have been made over the period 1998–2002.
This is an excellent idea.
Now we have to resolve the political questions.
However, despite that, I will support this third-generation cooperation agreement.
This is an instrument of the utmost importance, which has been lacking.
I would also like to say that I think the measures are necessary, like everything that we have done, and everything that Mr Frattini says is going to happen, and that the work done by the police is also very significant, but not sufficient.
We all know that the primary responsibility for the integration of Roma lies with the Member States.
It is true that small-scale fishermen, coastal fishermen, are suffering greatly at the moment.
   Mr President, we are to vote on the report of my colleague Mrs Rothe regarding the financial support of Northern Cyprus.
You will be familiar with some reputable companies, our French fellow MEPs will be familiar with some reputable companies, but we must look carefully at exactly which companies do not fulfil requirements, and these must be struck off the list.
Thank you for your attention.
Of course this initiative, in my opinion, will provide a suitable stimulus for the further development of national policies aimed at greater protection for the health and lives of citizens.
In the case of Africa we need to recognise the bitter truth that the continent is most affected by global warning, despite making the least contribution to that global warming.
Have the lessons not been learnt?
Let us learn from this historic experience, which is unique in the world today, on a continent that, as recently as last century, suffered unspeakably tragic events.
I have received two requests for the Commission to make statements.
It is therefore incomprehensible that the Swedish Government is acting in opposition to such environment-related taxes at EU level as minimum levels of carbon dioxide and energy taxes.
There are clear requirements to be fulfilled and each project is analysed on its own merits, based on the Community acquis and on environmental legislation.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs. - (DE) Madam President, Commissioner, all members of the European public attach great importance to high-quality health services, and health becomes even more important in view of the ageing population right across Europe.
However, the wounds are far from healed and every measure by the EU is being evaluated accordingly.
Let us make it cooperative and let us get the fishing communities fully engaged in this enterprise.
It is not the right of Ireland or any other Member State to play a role in setting the tax rate of another Member State.
However, the Commission supports the concept underlying the amendment and during the interinstitutional negotiations it will bear this in mind and seek to ensure that information is properly provided to all of the parties concerned.
With regard to financing, personally, I am of the opinion that public security should be paid for with public funds.
This declaration is one of the most significant signs that I have seen, as a Parliamentarian, that our demands can influence the direction of the European Council.
I warmly welcome our rapporteur’s approach, which argues that the Solidarity Fund must be adapted to new challenges and that there is potential for improvement in the way it is used.
It was preceded by one in 1987 which resulted in exclusion from the Commonwealth. This does lead me to believe that the tension, possibly ethnic in origin, must go far deeper than we might like to think.
In addition, the report proposes a number of measures concerning labelling. The most significant of these is aimed at preventing the designation 'olive oil' being used as an advertising slogan, thus confusing the consumers.
To facilitate progress, the Commission will be contributing half the cost of the study on the link.
In conclusion, let me just say that in my opinion we should remember the well-known saying by Jean Monnet, who kept emphasising that all European efforts at integration must in the end be based on bringing people closer together and not just uniting nations.
On top of the treaties themselves, current jurisprudence of the European Court of Justice, to which Commissioner McCreevy has just referred insistently and very significantly, systematically protects businesses that provide services on the basis of the country of origin principle, and consistently criticises the rules of the host country that are accused of hindering the activities of those businesses.
What insights may be gained here?
Inaction is costing lives.
However, it can play a strategic role when it comes to investments in projects that the Member States cannot manage by themselves or that require solidarity within Europe.
Ukraine (debate)
In my view, the reason why some British politicians like this word so much is because it is very difficult to pronounce in English and nobody knows what 'subsidiarity' means.
We must tackle the signs of disintegration, but we can only do so by strengthening the country' s democratic authorities.
Why do I ask for this postponement?
I therefore support this resolution, in the hope that the EU will continue to adopt an ambitious position within the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity.
That applies just as much in our own countries.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Liberadzki, for his constructive input in the preparation of the report.
Indeed, the way to deal with terrorism today is entirely different from the 1970s and 80s.
I still have two presidencies to go – the Irish presidency for six months; and then, for the trialogue and the conciliation in July, I will even be involved in the Dutch presidency.
After all, it is easy to predict that biotechnology will thus elbow out normal gen-tech-free production, which we must prevent.
The text of the Commission does not limit Parliament's right to examining whether the Commission has gone beyond what has been delegated to it, something which we could anyway solve by means of a legal case, if ever it came to a conflict.
And despite this positive feedback we want to cut the funding of Socrates.
Subtitling of all public-service television programmes in the EU (written declaration): see Minutes
Secondly, the forces of growth within the Community and cohesion in the enlarged Union must be strengthened.
The strategic report 2010 constitutes a strong incentive to improve the current implementation of the cohesion policy programmes.
Mr Saryusz-Wolski, Mr Cohn-Bendit and Mr Mauro: virtually the same, if we look at what we are assessing.
Therefore, Commissioner, it is not an academic issue, but something that is very definitely an option for the ACP.
I would highlight the following paradox, which surprises me.
   – I have been informed that Mr Christos Folias has been appointed Secretary of State in the Greek Government.
author. - Madam President, this resolution, purporting to be about human rights in Venezuela, exposes a massive hypocrisy among the right-wing parties in this Parliament.
The representatives of the German Presidency and the Commission have not only accepted that the new agreement with the USA on the transmission of the personal data of passengers flying there will not differ from the present agreement; they have also cynically admitted that they are prepared to legalise the SWIFT scandal by laying down so-called principles for the provision of information on financial transactions by European citizens in the USA, so that this will now be legal.
In terms of enlargement, 2002 will indeed be a most decisive year.
I thank you and look forward to your comments.
The agricultural and supply policies provide for special treatment tailored to the specific reality of each outermost region, and this special treatment has been improved upon and strengthened in the light of experience gained with the implementation of the Posei schemes.
The presidency brings with it both responsibilities and opportunities.
Mr President, I have a question for Mrs Oomen-Ruijten.
I expect and hope for more from you, Commissioner!
That is the main challenge of 1996.
It has reverted to type by placing the accent on privatisation, on tenders and public contracts - thereby boosting the development of the private sector - and on more flexible labour laws.
Mr Pannella has the floor for a point of order.
One really does begin to wonder whether there are any signs of green shoots in the economy.
The aim of this motion for a resolution is to ensure that Member States provide accurate information on their projects in the area of energy infrastructure.
The announcement of academic and cultural cooperation with candidate states is, however, particularly to be welcomed.
On the other hand, Solidarity Fund intervention must be possible even when disasters, however serious, do not reach the required level, and that aid should be provided in exceptional circumstances when the majority of the population in a region has suffered from a disaster with serious and lasting impact on their living conditions;
Perhaps we could vote, and then you would see the clear will of the House.
In the bananas case the American Administration promised Congress to implement sanctions at the latest by 3 March 1999 whatever happens in the WTO!
It is the Commission's earnest wish that the debate and negotiations to be conducted prior to the approval of the new decision on comitology, proposed in July, should have three aims in mind, within the context of the measures to implement the Amsterdam Treaty. Interinstitutional relations need to be strengthened and improved, and our system of adopting decisions must become more transparent to the citizens of the Union and to national institutions, and also more acceptable to the latter.
How come then that those who attack goods, lorries and people in France escape any kind of punishment?
However, I read in the international press today that the Commission is about to submit a report which concludes that Europe is losing its battle to acquire a more competitive economy in the world by 2010.
It is therefore right to call for a single air traffic control system, at least for the whole of the European Union, which clearly needs to include Switzerland for technical reasons.
The next item is the report (A5-0249/2003) by Mr Richard Howitt, on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation, on the Communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament and the Economic and Social Committee on participation of non-state actors in EC development policy (COM(2002) 598 - 2002/2283(INI)).
Gender-based violence is always primarily a criminal matter.
Still, the structure of the aviation market in Europe has altered fundamentally over the past ten years.
We await the European Parliament's first reading on the directive and are aiming for a common position at the April Consumer Council.
I believe that by balancing our positions and adapting what we say and do we will progress towards a truly universal conception of human rights.
The European Union needs to look very quickly at how far it can provide an alternative market for its friends in the Balkans, and act accordingly.
The railways have to be seen as a means of transport that is closely linked to others, since that is the only way to guarantee users satisfactory services and to ensure that all means of transport achieve maximum profitability.
I endorse the allocation of EUR 46 million in financial assistance to Georgia, which will help reduce the short-term financial vulnerability still faced by the economy, while supporting reform measures aimed at achieving a more sustainable balance of payments and a more stable budgetary situation.
We now need to establish in good time what shape the agricultural policy of the enlarged Community should take.
I believe that your contribution to this debate has been crucial.
We thank you for your visit.
I would remind you of this because, one year on, we are worried to see that the application of these decisions is not taking place as quickly.
In 2010 alone, 3 million Europeans will develop cancer, and nearly 2 million people will die of the disease.
On the question of barriers, we already know that you, Parliament, want to have a study, and we welcome your support for this study.
(PL) Mr President, the role of the Ombudsman is increasing, especially in the context of the solutions and challenges of the Treaty of Lisbon and the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
A number of amendments were accepted and adopted in the common position, notably on the progressive interoperability of trans-frontier regional transport, rapid goods transport and eventually the entire rail transport system.
Recently, China has employed a practice whereby children born in mainland China are separated from their parents in Hong Kong.
I would, however, like to give my personal interpretation of your programme, and ask three fundamental questions.
Given this forty-year situation, we have two opportunities or ways to look at the situation: to look back in order to try to learn lessons regarding mistakes that must not be repeated or to look forward and try to see whether we can learn the most important lesson of all - that the only solution to this conflict that has now lasted for forty years is peace.
Thirdly, if this does not happen, we call on the Commission to ensure that, until the Toys Directive has been transposed by all the Member States in 2011, the limit values are laid down in the Toys Directive in such a way as to rule out any risk to the health of children from softening agents in toys.
I would like to explain to you briefly why this is the case.
Two-thirds of it is used on passive income maintenance measures.
To this day, corruption is an enormous problem right up to the highest political level.
I must say we were amazed by the number of applications received.
We welcome the joint investigation by the United Nations and the East Timorese police which has already been launched.
But we have always said the labelling requirement must be practicable. This means that it must not lead - as the use of biotechnology becomes more widespread - to 80 % to 90 % of foods having to be labelled.
No country in the world is capable of coping with a natural disaster of this magnitude on its own.
The debate is closed.
Mr President, I too should like to begin by offering my sincere sympathies to the families of the victims of this terrible accident and expressing my admiration and praise for the courage shown by the emergency services afterwards. They too lost colleagues in the fire.
The role of the European Ombudsman is clearly defined as being to investigate complaints against the EU institutions and bodies.
We all do it now and then.
In short, it means more development, employment and welfare.
I think it is a great pity that the Commissioner does not have much time to listen but I shall address the controversial interests of consumer organisations once again, given that they are wheeled out in every debate and everyone keeps saying that consumers are calling for better protection for animals.
The fact that one's own nationals, that is to say, Dutchmen by the Dutch government and Belgians by the Belgian government, will be able to be extradited is in a certain sense also an important step forward.
The Court of Auditors stated that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
We are talking about direct public investment, with an immediate effect on job creation and the involvement of small and medium-sized enterprises.
Even after the Wye Accord recently concluded between Mr Netanyahu and Mr Arafat, peace in Israel seems further away than ever.
What this is is the culture of suspicion that Mr Fava was talking about, suspicion with regard to the state.
I hope this time around real attempts will be made to protect this unique remnant of the world’s deep time.
The fact that this may of course also involve international communications does little to affect the principle of national responsibilities.
The Court must be independent and effective: this is the task and the commitment of the Union.
The UK scheme contains such a requirement.
We in Parliament were conscious of the urgency of this directive.
This kind of discussion illustrates how unsuitable a monetary union is for the European Union.
That will indeed require a clear policy towards Milosevic.
Such a country should be allowed to join the European Union, should it choose to, based on its own self-determination - which is why my previous colleagues should possibly reflect on this matter.
It really is important to understand how this scarce resource is actually being used today, because we do not feel it is being used optimally - far from it.
In the fight against corruption and organised crime, I am glad that in this report, we also demand from the state authorities that they refrain from pressurising NGOs and civil society organisations that investigate corruption and organised crime.
In saying this, I would like to express my support for the rapporteur.
The alleged perpetrator has turned himself in to the police and is awaiting trial.
But the Europe of Nations Group would like to highlight the contradiction we face.
Obviously we allowed them to look into the document.
I agree with the proposal to use passports for children too, in order to combat child abduction and trafficking.
This text deals both with the nuclear issue and with the human rights situation.
But at the same time we have to appreciate that mobility cannot be an absolute right.
He also talked about working with others to deal with international terrorism.
All the companies who own the lorries and other vehicles and all carriers of all types must take responsibility for their actions - corporate responsibility from the top downwards.
As we represent voters and specific groups of people, unlike those who irresponsibly signed the draft agreement in Davos, we voted against the resolution asking the Council to urgently approve the EU-South Africa agreement amended as indicated.
It is our duty to offer this democratic government a new opportunity by providing it with the moral and technical support that it needs.
   We have been told that Coreper discussed this issue today and it will be dealt with in the Legal Services of the Council and Parliament and then adopted at the 23 May Council meeting.
Next week, a political debate, but one that includes technical aspects too, will be held at the European Parliament building in Brussels.
In other words, we are what we eat. It is in the interests of consumers that we have clear, understandable food labelling that makes reference to certain ingredients.
The same could be said of British haulage companies.
Having said that, it is obvious that it is better - no Martin, calm down, because I am not saying that I want to reject it - I am merely saying that we ought to be responsible and credible in the eyes of the citizens and that even if this is not by any means a particularly adequate compromise, we will back it.
Fourth: deepening the internal market is essential, and it is important that everyone observes the criteria.
Nevertheless, the simple truth is that there is only one kind of terrorism, namely when one person perpetrates inconceivable evil against another.
It is not an isolated action.
The mafia, like all forms of organized crime, enter the legal sphere through financial channels.
In these circumstances, it is quite reasonable for this House to express concern today, asking an oral question which urges the Commission to show the definite and unquestionable feasibility studies which to date no one has seen.
I hope that Mr Bangemann gets the message.
In this regard, the current process of negotiations on Malta' s accession to the European Union must be used to ensure that this country rigorously monitors the oil tankers which sail under its flag.
What view does the Commission’s interim report take of that?
It makes a casually optimistic assessment of the euro and is unbalanced in the way that it sings the praises of the internal market.
However, when that imposition would help to realise a core EU principle such as social inclusion, then it is indeed important.
Firstly, the maximum working week should not exceed 48 hours, including overtime.
Families are at the heart of development: they provide labour, consume goods and produce new dynamic members.
The five proposals were all rejected.
This is not how the EU should inform people of its existence and of what it does.
The term 'simplified procedure' conceals the fact that it is possible for this type of procedure to fail.
Brussels never tires of emphasising that compliance with fundamental rights, especially freedom of religion and freedom of expression, has the highest priority for accession to the EU.
Could he be a little more specific on that?
Indeed, some of those that have been returned were sent back wearing flak jackets and helmets, which, to me, says it is not exactly a safe area.
If such issues are brought to my attention and come within the relevant directive, then action can be taken.
(Applause)
The Commission - and I believe that I am answering all the speakers this afternoon - will do all in its power to respond to these needs, within the limits of its legal options to use the structural fund.
That is the challenge for the future; that is the challenge that we, as democrats, have to take on board.
Water.
We must restore peace and ensure that there is peace in Georgia.
First, ensuring implementation of Single Market norms that have already been adopted.
The reports do accept that this must be done on a non-discriminatory and principled basis, paying due regard to proportionality.
The London Agency has sufficiently enlarged its sphere of activity to ensure its funding, but the national authorities have, for their part, retained the most lucrative classes of medicinal products, namely those regarding neurodegenerative disorders or cardiovascular diseases.
This time it has succeeded.
We also think that the 2000 review process should in no way lead to a renegotiation of the commitments entered into in Beijing.
I too am sorry that the Council cannot provide more information, especially since the newspapers have been reporting over the past week that the Member States have sent in their replies to the Council working group.
It is examples like this which make me think that Europe is often actually harmful to the interests, survival and identity of the nations of the Union. That is why I have become a eurosceptic and why I cannot endorse this report, uncontroversial though it may be.
It is right and proper that the Commission and the Council have been proactive in seeking to apply the membership terms across the complete island of Cyprus.
His experience, his professionalism, his way of working, his habit of taking action rather than making speeches, has brought us all together and made today’s result possible.
European citizens must be able to be confident that the transfer of their bank details does not violate national or EU law.
If you face a daily struggle for survival, you are not going to be thinking about environmental or climate protection.
Not only has it endorsed the idea that REACH should be clear, but it has made a particular point of calling for rigorous registration, going on, indeed, to propose that chemicals should be registered from a lower limit of 10 kilograms right up to one tonne.
In Europe, the average rate of unemployment rose from 9.6 % to 11 % between 1990 and 1995.
On financing development cooperation, the Commission congratulates itself on the new tariff reductions for bananas agreed with Latin America banana producers, but, in reality, this new arrangement is for the benefit of powerful transnational corporations.
One of the most important aspects of the struggle against illegal immigration is effective control of the European Union's external borders.
For this reason, this directive poses extremely serious dangers.
I hope that Parliament will tomorrow vote to back the Internal Market Committee's proposal for a ban in seal trade products.
We need to use police and judicial tools, but they are not enough.
Twenty-five years ago, the Polish Solidarity movement removed the first stone from the Berlin Wall, and our German colleagues ought not to forget this.
Mr President, I would like to make two points.
Mr President, Commissioner, the Committee on Budget' s proposed guidelines that we are now discussing attempt to be clear and concise in order to guide the evaluation of the proposed budget for 2002, and we hope that they address the issue which the people of Europe currently consider to be most important: the European Parliament must be the forum par excellence for protecting the interests of Europe' s citizens and for representing their political will and their democratic status.
Bus and coach passengers should enjoy rights similar to those of rail and air passengers.
There are also demographic reasons for this state of affairs.
Mrs Wallström has the floor on behalf of the Commission.
Serbia has traditionally played an important role in the Western Balkans.
I therefore consider it to be extremely important that the Commission should in future be in possession of instruments for applying sanctions and financial adjustments when it uncovers incidents of this kind.
The report describes in detail the measures that should be taken by the EU to reduce alcohol-related harm in the Member States.
Faced with so substantial an argument, one is almost inclined to shrink back and deny that any criticism of this directive was intended.
That has been settled, and there is nothing more to it than that.
Secondly, I would like to stress, as others have, how important the issue of taxation on energy is.
These interim targets should help us to get to a point at which areas where the critical acidification loads are exceeded will be halved, where the ozone load that affects health is reduced by two thirds, and where the ozone load in excess of critical levels for vegetation is reduced by a third.
Support is needed to strengthen civil society, establish political parties and defend human rights, so that future parliamentary and presidential elections are democratic, free and fair.
Tonight, we stand with you and we will continue to do so until your demands are justly met.
Although we are taking these measures and accept, and are responding to, the input of the European Parliament with regard to improving pandemic preparedness, we feel it inappropriate to introduce into the text of this directive those amendments that fall outside its scope – i.e. those concerning public and human health.
Therefore, it is also a good thing that Parliament has today adopted the report on the role of women in agriculture and rural areas, thereby sending a very clear signal that, here too, women play an important role.
It is also a source of innovation, for if we do everything we are proposing in the report, we shall establish ourselves well ahead of the field, even on a global scale, in terms of innovation and the objectives of the Lisbon Process.
Mr President, it is exactly the same point.
That has not always been the case on a global scale.
When it comes to such agreements as have already been made, or are in the process of being made, for reducing carbon dioxide emissions from private cars, the Commission has, on a number of occasions, pointed out that legislation concerning the limits for carbon dioxide emissions will be considered if the car industry does not fulfil its commitments.
I will remind you that the Amsterdam summit and the General Affairs Council have expressed the intention of the European Union to establish constructive relations with the new government of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Regarding the other amendments, I note that in many instances they are noteworthy in the sense that they go far beyond what this regulation may provide for and so, very regretfully, they cannot be taken on board as part of this regulation.
The next item is a Commission communication on Member States' employment policy guidelines for 1998 (in preparation for the European Council summit on employment to be held on 20 and 21 November 1997 in Luxembourg).
The next item is the report (A4-0134/98) by Mr Ettl, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the proposal for a Council Directive on safeguarding the supplementary pension rights of employed and self-employed persons moving within the European Union (COM(97)0486 - C4-0661/97-97/0265(CNS)).
At the beginning of this month therefore there was an American request to Russia to reconsider this specific cooperation.
I call on the European Commission to request such publicly accessible information from the European Investment Bank.
Scotland rejects the London government's plans to build a new generation of nuclear weapons and I fully support the Scottish Government's work to ensure these weapons do not come into existence.
Since I arrived here last year, it has been remarkable how many people have admitted privately to me that we should never have joined and we should leave at the earliest opportunity.
The Stabilisation and Association Process is considered to be a decisive stage in this respect.
The citizens of Europe demand of Turkey respect for international law and convergence with the constitutional, economic, political and cultural .
All year round, parched dry days alternate with days of torrential rain.
Even if it is true that the vast majority of Europe’s citizens feel close to the essence of the spirit of the EU, it is nonetheless also true that that there is a sense of alienation when it comes to its day-to-day running, and with regard to the content of some of its texts.
Our resolution will be a balanced resolution if we accept the compatibility of the rule of competition with the mission of the social state.
In this case it would be much better if it did not go up in the first place.
This needs to focus not only on the present, but also the long term, and must be based on a specific programme.
We therefore consider that the second of the two amendments which I have tabled is fundamental. This amendment enables travellers whose final destination is outside the Community, but who have a stopover, to make duty-free purchases at the point of departure.
It is not enough therefore for us to wring our hands and regret that we have not yet consolidated our common foreign and security policy. Instead, we need to use all the means at our disposal to ensure that this foreign and security policy - and also our defence policy - is in line with our interests and responsibilities.
Unfortunately this directive is not completely transparent.
We should remember that this takes place without any of the big guns having anything to fear.
We are proposing to introduce a bridging clause.
Now a correctly designed structural policy can create better conditions for the EU and its inhabitants.
This situation nevertheless makes me very apprehensive.
You cannot seriously be telling me today that the Commission is not aggressive enough, that you are waiting for us to make proposals.
Finally, it needs to do more in the way of mine-clearance effort.
The Russian Federation and the European Union have developed a close partnership, and the common fight against international terrorism stands as one of the many examples of this.
GMOs and their derivatives remain strictly banned for use in organic production.
Applause
However, I object to the creation of European Union bodies that would exercise power over Member States in areas that are wider than necessary to deal with this problem.
These criminal acts must also be denounced by the Albanian leaders.
It would therefore be a great pity if Ariane and Kaleidoscope were to finish on 1 January 1999, only for another programme to begin a year later on 1 January 2000.
In 2005-2006, Europe is funding 280 000 young people as part of three programmes: Comenius, Erasmus and Leonardo.
These add to the Commission's impressive project of developing a valid European research area.
In contrast to the rapporteur, of course, I believe that we need not only voluntary but also binding common rules in the EU.
To those businesses that have not so far come to terms with the new on the global markets we are giving a final chance to make good their omission, but it is no part of any European protection and subsidy policy’s remit to be the textile industry’s permanent insurance against the future.
This is a child-centred approach which recognises that the early childhood years are crucial to cognitive, sensory and physical development, as well as to emotional and personal development, and for language acquisition, and that they also constitute the basis for learning throughout life.
Mr President, our request is based on a very clear fact known to everyone.
The healthy long-term prospects of its free-enterprise economy are in sharp contrast to the EU's gradual decline in a sea of over-regulation, which we must remedy before it is too late.
On the contrary, we would say that we should be a little more realistic.
The leadership of both parties bear a heavy responsibility for the destabilization of Kurdish independence, and that is the real tragedy for the Kurds.
Indeed Parliament, as an institution, is perhaps their closest ally in terms of respecting the interests they expressed to me.
However, we vigorously denounce the reasoning that the social and human tragedies experienced by European workers should be regarded simply as 'adjustments' necessary for the smooth running of neo-liberal globalisation.
More specific action could be also be undertaken with regard to developing awareness-raising campaigns on the real possibilities of legal immigration and on all forms of trafficking, as well as increasing the ability of the authorities in the countries of origin or transit to effectively combat this type of crime themselves.
(Interruption by Mrs Pack) Quite right, Mrs Pack, it is not a question of voting on the substance but of finding out whether or not this is an issue to be placed on the agenda.
Luckily the Commission has the right of initiative, if only it would use it!
It is our partner in NATO and deserves to be treated as such.
It also shares the concerns expressed in many of the amendments rejected, but at the same time it considers it important to safeguard the effective implementation of the assistance, the integrity of the aims pursued and the exceptional nature of this financial instrument.
During the negotiation of the compromises, she has showed open-mindedness about the arguments put forward by my group, which led to a large majority vote in favour of the draft report in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Mr President, I shall repeat a question to Vice-President Frattini that my honourable colleague has already asked: do you intend to accept all the amendments that the House has just adopted, or would you like more time to present some final compromise proposals?
Even if more and more travellers do in fact reserve their tickets directly with the airlines or on the Internet, the majority of consumers will continue to rely on their travel agencies, which for their part must be able to rely on non-discriminatory, genuine bargain offers in the computerised reservation system.
Vice-President of the Commission. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I too would like to thank the Council representative.
Street children in Moscow
When it comes to the problems associated with the aforesaid conventions, inadequate data protection is the least of our worries.
The right conclusion to draw from the power cuts in Italy in 2003 would have been that the blame for these lay primarily with the lack of competition in the clapped-out infrastructure.
We need bold democrats and in this new period we urgently need an exciting, democratic and genuinely effective Europe.
The destruction of the ozone layer is a transnational problem.
Although we could help the countries with the greatest economic problems in the monetary union to obtain money on favourable terms, for example, by means of a Union loan to several euro area states, this favourable external credit would hardly be able to alleviate the acute problems they are facing and would also do nothing about the causes of the problems.
In 1993, the Copenhagen European Council offered the countries of Central and Eastern Europe the chance to join the European Union.
The Regulation establishes a mechanism for the provision of rapid operational assistance for a limited period of time to a requesting Member State facing a situation of exceptional and urgent pressure, especially due to the arrival at external border points of large numbers of third-country nationals trying to enter the European Union illegally.
We have voted against establishing a European public prosecutor' s office. It would be a colossal enterprise to set up when the problem, in reality, lies elsewhere.
Experience in those countries has not so far indicated that liberalisation has led to an increase in the number of jobs in this sector, or to an increase in their quality.
For all these reasons, I support the rapporteur in this initiative requiring the Commission to withdraw the proposals and present new, more complete ones.
In that case, the sanctions could be lifted wholesale with immediate effect.
Moreover, I would argue that there should also be great focus on the interoperability of systems which, although its aim is general protection of the possibility for users to access the data broadcast via the digital platforms, is emerging at this time as a competition protection measure, protecting the possibility of access to the market for the different operators and thus opening up unprecedented legal horizons.
On those issues the Commission doubts that it is legally possible to apply the principle of the free movement of people to contest restrictions on the transfer of mortal remains.
For example, may I remind you that the new Title IV of the EC Treaty provided by Amsterdam will remove from the national parliaments all decision making powers in the field of immigration, without providing any replacement control for at least five years, and then only the inadequate control of the European Parliament.
Twelve years after the Second World War, the former warring parties put their signatures to the Treaties of Rome.
If there are no objections, I can also put to the vote the part of an agreed text with regard to which there is a difference of opinion over whether or not it exists in the compromise text.
Vice-President of the Commission. - (FR) Minister, ladies and gentlemen, the European Union-United States 'justice, freedom and security' ministerial Troika, in which Mr Mate and Vice-President Frattini took part in March, was an excellent opportunity to discuss certain important issues with our American counterparts.
It is clearly possible to improve the mechanism for the settlement of disputes!
Do you believe that there are governments crazy enough to allocate money to the regions, in the knowledge that their investments will be frittered away over the next few years?
These SMEs should be operating successfully on behalf of Europe in the global marketplace, which is another reason why I believe that the WTO assembly and parliamentary conference proposed by the European Parliament are a matter of the utmost priority, and I ask the Commission to incorporate this proposal from the European Parliament into the programme too.
You need to multiply those EUR 146 million by approximately eight in order to get an idea of what the impact could be.
We have heard the promise that there will be a new framework for SMEs, and I believe that there will be one; the only thing is that we are constantly being asked what is now actually happening in practical terms over and above what was decided on in the past, what the new framework that Commissioner Verheugen wants to bring in will be like, and what its actual priorities will be.
Most of Turkey is not geographically part of Europe.
The aim of the new centre is to overcome the problems of the present arrangements and to develop and implement projects more coherently across the territories of what will be the 25 Member States of the EU.
Supporting funding for this scheme is an effective way for us to invest in the health of young Europeans.
Now, as the Commissioner has just told us, the Commission is proposing that one single report be drawn up every five years.
Thirdly, the establishment of centres to promote employment must be completed.
The Commission is open to discussing the issue with the European Parliament, including, as we said during the trialogue, any further improvements in the arrangements between Commission and the European Parliament concerning those executive agencies.
I ask you, Mrs Schreyer, is this the trust and cooperation which you and your colleague Mr Kinnock never tire of demanding from this House?
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, micro-credits and small loans can help people who are not able to get credit through normal market mechanisms.
There must be no obligation to install solar panels when building a house, carrying out reroofing works, building an extension or replacing a heating system, such as is the case in the Marburg model.
Given that we wish to be a community with social sensitivity, we must devote special attention to them.
It concerned a company which did not manage to deal with its poisonous waste but chose instead to bury it in the ground and in that way put a whole district at risk.
Why else would we have a report of this kind?
The Commissioner's draft mandate has been closely studied within Coreper and, in principle, this Commission recommendation will be put to the vote at the next Council meeting and we will vote in favour of it, taking into account Parliament's position, of course, and the opinions that will be voiced on the subject here in this Chamber today.
The Russian people need to feel that the European family understands and supports them.
I believe that the European Union also needs to propose quickly an alternative option, such as a huge economic aid plan, perhaps even a mini-Marshall Plan for Moldova.
Mr President, in connection with Rule 163 of our Rules of Procedure, I very much regret that both the rapporteur and you yourself say that the rules are strange.
I have therefore voted in favour of the report.
I am voting for this resolution because a strategy for the Atlantic region is essential for EU territorial cohesion, especially in the context of the eastward enlargement of EU borders.
Thirdly, there is the issue of monitoring service providers.
For years we have been warning about risks of accident. For years we have been afraid that a disaster would happen and for years we have fought against the establishment of these plants in the Toulouse area.
