We thorough make a to Prodi President under group Commissioners' up a set then analysis.
support. and engagement your for gratitude express to want I view of point this from and critical, be will climatic strategy resources natural environment and the and cooperation instrument development to the relation in support European Parliament's The
children's health. substances on chemical impact of the demonstrating studies the and ago, year recalled a were problems that safety presenting toys of number significant the toys: of safety the on legislation its review to European Parliament the led have elements crucial two Minister, Commissioner, President, Mr (FR) - Food Safety. and Health Public the Environment, the on Committee of opinion the of draftsman
tide? each at be used can nets which the of and length number the on placed been limits Have
EU's conscience. the wound in open an really are and Bosnia-Herzegovina Yugoslavia former the President, Mr
traffic management. effective air more and engines aircraft efficient more into encourage research to need also We
companies. services public European creation genuinely of the to barrier a continues be to past and the in been has share golden the fact, In
Madam crucial two between road the in fork a marks today debate and our gentlemen, ladies Commissioner, President, principles.
projects. for smaller-scale provided be should credit More
policies. national coordination between strengthening advocate You
I its to give Legal Service the asked have I and great detail in Budgets on Committee the by report the examined in fact have opinion.
forms. different in slightly but used still sometimes is This argument
decline. of woodland causes the against guard to need that we all above but monitoring systems, need we that clear abundantly has become It
constellations. Council of a number experience from have now We
here. intentions of our support in people many so hear me to for pleasing very It is
measures. regarding technical competences some States Member the to give order in reform the for regulation basic of the implementation the for also and regulation new a for procedure the accelerate to best our do will we that is keep I - promises cannot you give cannot I as say - I What can
That that increase to need we and too few is number.
transparency. and democracy citizens, the through Parliament, and, Parliament, strengthening rights, public’s fundamental the reinforces this Constitution that rabble-rousers, and or game blame the play who those merchants, disinformation EU, the of opponents hostage by taken be ourselves to allow not will we that clear it making release press a issue President, you, to Mr ask would I
areas. grey and voids worse, numerous even moratoria and, derogations, to subject been has legislation other and implemented been not has adopted been has legislation that Some
again. start and once bankrupt go once, to fail to concern major such of not is it initiatives, taking that to used are there over people fact that the entrepreneurship, of culture whole the to related more much is this view, my In
available. made been now have documents principle, in its and, practices has reviewed Commission the procedures, infringement closed For
transmission. the Hence
Organisation. Property Intellectual World the according to property, intellectual of component integral an constitute indications and geographical origin of designations that add to would like I
there. is technology the be done; can It
of hydrogen. term, long the and, in technologies clean with of coal use the will include Europe for options Other
p.m.) 12.30 at resumed and p.m. at 12.25 adjourned sitting was (The
I our of interests social legitimate the to and work style of and structure manner, their to justice equal does that an arrangement use to or were elected they where Member State the laws of under make the arrangements to Members enables and itself, which for set not did it conditions, which working specific s this Parliament' of account takes said, I as which, but assistants security our gives that arrangement an find must Parliament and Commission the Council, that therefore believe assistants.
liquidity. improve their would greatly and enterprises and medium-sized small of shoulders the off great weight a be would it so because do to States Member encouraging is and this achieve to striving is Council The
our countries. in systems transport railway public of improvement and development promotes the that a policy need We
Parliament's the of environment the marine and of and fisheries fishermen our of interests the in regulation shortly, the new deliver to able be will institutions European the that I hope and Council the in out carried be to the work for point starting good a is today, be adopted will I which hope opinion, Mediterranean.
citizens of number an ever-increasing for benefits growing bilateral achieve
Jäätteenmaki Anneli Mrs
States. Member the housing of policies the problem in 'homeless' resolving the to priority attach which and housing social of importance the highlight which proposals, our of inclusion the welcome We
success. same the 2011, of half second the in begin will which Presidency, Polish and the Presidency Hungarian the both wish to like would I
Parliament. European the for a challenge quite will be This
this report. supporting be not will I
structures. farming differences in regional with together figures relative and both absolute mind in bear decisions must All
Crespo. Mr Barón forward by put being proposal the be to seems which a hurry, in matter this at look to try to this House for wrong it feel would one for I
business. big are Forgeries
In pages, five than more to amount not which did directive, water ecological proposed the Commission the 1996, however.
favour. in voting therefore I am
body. decision-making and appointing the is itself Commission the for which posts Commission but posts interinstitutional not are These
discussion. under matters the to regard with national ownership of importance the of aware fully is Parliament European The concerns methodology. first The
policies. Lisbon-related supports most which heading that precisely on fall box negotiating current to cuts heaviest the the that regrettable It is
crisis. current energy the from most has suffered that sectors the of one been has sector fisheries The (PT) - writing. in
with Iceland. ties close have We
adults. for specially designed are of them number ever-increasing as at an children only targeted longer no are games video However,
Mrs in Intergovernmental Conference the of the agenda on back is matter this when Affairs, Institutional on Committee the in or House, this in here, answer an give her to able be I will hope I and maintains - she herself the positions to close very feel think I I - what wants she of careful note will take I that sure be can Dijk van April.
It Defence Security and European the but here, issue at are that arms is not Policy.
system. monitoring market European a of creating idea Commission's European support the I
We the build to paid from being and these orders from benefit should who of familiar problem the with confronted be then would boats.
farming. dry to alternatives few often are there where semiarid areas, arid and in Europe, southern of parts in crop grown a are knows, Commissioner the as Nuts,
difficult amend. to was was drafted way it the of because and animals of welfare the protect to enough do not did proposal The
Workers social want not do and not in engaged are Union European the of part eastern the from dumping.
May 1998. 20 of a resolution for motion subsequent the and 14 1998 January of declaration written the topic: on this political initiatives its two with sought precisely it that Parliament through passage the of conclusion natural a it considering House, our by expressed was this that pleased particularly is delegation National Alliance The
This Unesco by distributed Diversity Cultural Coalitions for of Committee Liaison the International of 14 September 2004 of communication the and 19 and 13 Articles from arises itself.
Europe. islands of and areas rural the support would that solutions identify to seeks and situation current analyses the it topical, very as report consider this I
Jensen. is Lis name My
It stocks the fishing and distances long steaming of are capable which State Member from any vessels open to be should concerned.
laboratory activities. forensic of accreditation the decision on framework this for basis a different wants that Parliament understand I again, Once
as possible. swiftly as statute ratify the and sign to necessity the recall to effort every make will Commission the third countries with relations its In
the Commissioner. to question a Finally,
clause. this with line in proposals further make then and contains it clause which the utilise review can sugar: we in market the of organisation common the of the in included extension option the exercise then will Commission the the findings, depending on and that year this industry sugar the of in study competition undertake a will we that House, this to also pledged, have We follows: as is situation the sugar, to With regard
activities. policy with link information demonstrable no have budget Community the from support financial from have benefited that projects certain notes that It
management. disaster of phases different in operating local entities, and national, regional range of wide a with but also Parliament, in here only not wider debate, a much preceded by was report this that say to important is It
capitalism. world of profit greater for the slavery, into delivered children Chinese in genocide, killed children Iraqi little womb, mother's their in children murdered little children, little of that should so more then even emotions, rightly our rouses of animals suffering if the Finally,
instrument. financing MEDA, policy's this of stock take to report, Piétrasanta's Mr opportunity, through has an Parliament European partnership, the Euromed the launched that Conference Barcelona after the years seven gentlemen, ladies and Commissioner, President, Mr
It its circumscribe to tries then although it framework, their and Nations conventions United challenges the openly entirety its in that initiative with an started aims.
states. these on pressure up stepping of instead this, ignored simply has rapporteur the that amazing more the all it find I so closures, on agreement this of importance the stressed specifically have the Council and Commission The
terrorism. to fight order in need we resources the erodes actually - religion freedom of and expression of particularly freedom - freedoms of fundamental infringements possible about over-cautiousness is that fact Yet the
beings. human trafficking of and sale the abduction and prevent and avoid to order in necessary is procedures adoption international of area the in interests the children's of the protection strategy for European a that believe therefore I
1 July. on began Union European the Ministers of of Council of the presidency Irish The
reforms. structural and undertaking investment increasing by growth stimulate to best EU how and economy the of workings the on focused discussions These
This general the of acceptance with connection funds of in use appropriate the scrutinizing Parliament than rather a formality, only now is resources of use from the case, discharge the being budget.
harvest. 1997 the for increase sowing to order in - 7m ECU - programme PHARE the permitted under conditions agricultural the relax agreed to and henceforth now has Commission direction, the this in efforts Bulgaria's support To
This and promising any new for as essential, are incentives so technology, new a is technology.
charging. with deals that article the of item 2 of part remove to decided the committee concern, this about heard having However,
support. financial direct giving instead of plants, power experimental 10-12 the to quotas emission free issuing proposes Parliamentary report relevant turn, the commendable a In
cousins. no has maize say that Barthet-Mayer heard Mrs We
dictate. thrift and efficiency what security, is That
infringed. not are our citizens of rights fundamental the that rights clause, fundamental the of basis ensure, the on to be must courts the national of role the said, already have As I
Parliament. European the of Members to apply also Senators and Parliament French the of Members by visits apply to that rules the that stipulate to obliged authorities were French Onesta, the Vice-President and Parliament our of President then the request by a in fact, following, 2003, July President, in Mr
shipping. of categories in certain offices to are appointed who nationals of proportion the stipulate right to do the reserve States Member legislation current under that course of will know He
II Part
of inflation. terms in States performing Member best three the inflation of average the of consists value reference that the says It
is heading. policy security and foreign the common where for pointers some need we when time a time, the just right come at has drafted, carefully very is usual, as which, report, Brok's Mr Mr President,
be used. would tobacco Imported
today. under debate compromise the on and directive this on worked Members who my fellow all to thanks my offering by start to would like I gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, President, Mr
growth. or recovery be no there will policy, energy common a Without
thing? a such unable admit to are we if however, political pride, of matter a be it Will
third point. my to me brings This (Applause)
options. treatment various the on and diseases specific illness and of prevention the lifestyle, healthy a having about information unbiased accurate, to find able be should and interested anyone Patients
earnings? potential of authors policy, and own establish publishing their to freedom the of publishers depriving be Google may that danger the entail not this Does
previously. exist not which did mechanisms international certain in efficiency and a collaboration international of degree certain a for allowing offices registration number of a with Geneva in office head its with Organization Property Industrial World the up setting by all above Madrid Agreement the amended which Stockholm Agreement, of the hand one the on up marks setting the with for system international in the taking developments place were there time same the At
For social a also is learning that remember to have we exploited fully be to information the event.
the Roma. at cast being insults the about talk finally to us for is important it how about thinking been have I summer all because people, towards Roma tolerance of zero principle a adopting about announcement Ján Slota's regarding words few a say to like would I   
Union. European whole the of the stability of interest the is in This
approved. they are once them and obtain we once technology new of types different opportunity for every up 43 opens No Amendment This
I and Nos 16 Amendments accept does not Commission the that says she when section, certain just a to Amendments or entire the referring to is whether she clarify to Commissioner the like would 23.
good. be programme this of take-up the that us of all of the interest in is It
Greek ship repair and shipbuilding in engaged workers of safety and the health 70/90 concerning Decree Presidential of infringement for alia inter proceedings, criminal initiating by accident last the responded authorities to judicial The work.
success. a has been it fundamentally but Warrant, European Arrest to the changes be to need do There
reason, either. the not is that No,
data. the supply to have that firms the 000 450 borne by are costs that the to proportional unfortunately inversely is statistics Intrastat the of reliability the as especially simplification, fundamental more a awaiting while direction, right the in step first a only this was out that pointed We
that. not should know they perhaps and that know not do consumers But
dialogue. with pressure combining approach, double-track our of basis the on solution diplomatic a towards work to determined remain Union, we the European For
you. Thank
undertaken. be could this where base legal a is there be that established can Yes, it is in short answer the But
convey. we must that message a is That
us. of some not us, just of all for matter a are debate the of end and the beginning but - that to objection no have we - discussed be to points need specific technical, debate the when times during will be there Clearly,
properly. spent been has money the that guarantees no have we for needed otherwise is independent evaluation An
reliability. and of quality standards European with complies product a that means Union European the of mark CE the that House the remind and this report thanks for my to express like should I Mr Commissioner, President-in-Office, President, Madam (DE)
noon. 12 tomorrow at place take will vote The
genital mutilation. female of problem serious the up takes which report support this - I writing. in
They human of protection the being on based on prides itself that Union European a in unacceptable be should rights.
States. certain Member in more unfavourable even one, or to two of order the in be will ratio 2015 this In
same. the do to and India China Russia, USA, the urge and possible as soon as provisions its implement Treaty, Ottawa the ratify must now States Member EU conference the Canadian the of wake the In
for example. Kingdom, United the in reaction to the referred already has Wallis Mrs
report. Rasmussen the in particular this in to referred are agencies Credit-rating
skills. professional his of the basis on Trichet's appointment Mr supporting be therefore I will and Mr Lipietz, Goebbels or Mr than royalist a of more no shall be I President, Mr
time. the at state the by issued with consent cases in exceptional and only hold the in only carried to be allow that weapons regulations safety the support I Furthermore,
Annex). (see answers written time receive will of lack for been answered not have which Questions
possible. as soon Union as European the into be received to so efforts far, its by deserved, has Slovenia that believe I But
organisations. international other and WTO between the new relationships and establishing standards international between balance the is there Fourthly,
morning. this us gave Garrido Mr López that statement support the We
arena. circus in a nose its through ring a with bear like a a dance Parliament leads Council the situation where a in longer any continue cannot we and five years, for nearly now negotiating been have we gentlemen, and Ladies
If step by only at arrived be can conceded, be must it which, solution – a solution a to closer is no East Middle in the problem the as long as for weeks – recent done in has as – it spread will terrorism that fact the do with to has that terrorism, against campaign decisive the for base the be has to that Europe is it step.
ones? inferior way to give good conditions must question: my repeat I
Nevertheless, know we today; majority a manage would Development Rural and on Agriculture Committee wishes the of the all not that.
The reasoning the and negative was response absurd.
market. open energy a genuinely on obtaining rather but barriers, regulatory new on not focus should policy That
concerned. regulations the in down laid requirements meet the they as long as circumstances, difficult in as regards being areas it those of Commission the inform to State Member on each incumbent is it Funds, Structural on general rules the containing the regulation approved has Council the As
speech. your this in about statement clear make a to ask you would I it, to solution easy no is there perspective financial current the in that with recognising and document, weakest the in expression, the the pardon will you is, if Commissioner, point, that this Given
the strong. with suffer weak the So
increased. has executions of public number The
modernization. equipment and research regards training, as delays significant to also incomes, but in drop a and unemployment to due consumption lower imports, increased to delocalization, mainly is due sector textile the in crisis that the all We know
I understand not do this.
few years. past the over generated momentum the of make use to particular responsibility a has community world the and historic significance, of are court of the statute of the text draft a for The negotiations
delimited. and defined be can work, manual on focused this area, how examine carefully must also we But
With the of the form or size the of independent that is EU the throughout jobs source of a creating certain a degree to are we policy, agricultural common the undertaking.
against We the fight in - this monitor must we and - part and productive effective genuinely a to perform able be will Centre the then them, and involve must drugs.
part. second No 28, Amendment and part 27, second No Amendment part, first 5, No part, Amendment first 1, No Amendment principle can in accept Commission the conclusion, In
aeronautics. projects is transport various these of remains that all because Energy, and Development Technological Research, Committee on the in voting the of outcome by the aback taken more the all and therefore were Tourism Transport Committee on in the We
emerging sector. this of development the hindered and providers the service losses to huge equipment, caused with pirate users providing by which, piracy commercial in industry flourishing a of the start also was television pay of start the remembered be that should It
future. the in themselves express to continue can young people those that so them preserve must We themselves. express seeking to people young talents, our our future cultures, our our traditions, preserving about, all is it what is That
However, by owned be even not will them of many this, and from benefit will which people, the than the rather corporations, probably be will it nationals.
Thereafter, to applies which Convention, Geneva Fourth the within or war, of prisoners as and protection status them affording thereby combatants, to legal applies which Geneva Convention, Third the either within fall should arise, occasion may, they if civilians.
industry. sugar the reform we must Therefore,
action. in military have resulted actions such past, the In
inadmissible. are amendments some why understand do not We
proposal. a to submit Commission, Interim the say to is which Commission, the COREPER urged that question, the in mentioned I as know, We
purposes. military Galileo for of use the reject decisively to mind its up make to able not been has Parliament
tropics? the plants in solar the are Where
past actions. on judgments court example, for by, to rise now given the kind anger of no be subsequently would and there phase, preparatory the at achieved be consensus might way, that In
about that. right quite is he - fortunately that - think I
political committee? conflict-prevention and security the and bodies management the crisis in be there women will many How
11.30 a.m. at Wednesday place on take will vote The
achieved? we have think: what and stop to come has time the out, efforts carried and work intensive the Following
research. GDP in their of 3% have invested States Member few woefully Unfortunately,
them. to applied is profit, which to geared business of the of market-place, law the is it any rules; to subject not are top-up schemes schemes, voluntary compulsory unlike Indeed,
tax. car adjust to proposal Commission the years about for squabbling have been We
borders. across mobility to barriers the remove must we and returns and costs to with regard transparency be is to There
way. same the sees it also Council the part most the begins, for and criticism our where is This
reasons. its understand always will House White the in host current the that the belief in peace, of chance slim this destroy to Government Sharon's by attempts daily the fact of the in laurels its rest on cannot and this therefore roadmap co-initiator of is Union The
marked Above clearly been now has path a that believe viewpoint, we transport a from all, out.
transfers. cross-border on to charges applies also This
economy. its in billion) 200 infusion (GBP further money announced Government UK the and Bank) Glitnir of government the by with acquisition (culminating ground hit the system banking Iceland's Furthermore,
commitment. our work and continuity our to give must we path: a different take cannot we part; its do to continue must Europe
law. of criminal matters on cooperation supranational is no because there move a such opposed to are we prosecutor, public a European of establishment the regards As
disease. and hunger for goals millenium meet those to nations indebted in reinvest repayments debt to is key The
haste. make to have just this of short that stopped have States Member The
approach. this with bodes well field this in 1 September on Commission the by measures adopted set of The
service. better for stand all of should first This
competitiveness. increased European essential for are individuals, for qualifications and education promote better those that especially universities, of modernisation the enable that partnerships believe that I
production. economic of our important sector this on placed be to burdens further for these reason or compelling convincing no is There
cost. minimum and at law quickly European of the application to relating problems to their resolve able be to citizens for need the urge I Finally,
I right the is this believe that not do course.
wealth. and jobs generated and years 20 more for business that run successfully and risk own at their themselves the money raised business, a new for idea an had have Chamber this people many in how wonder I President, Madam
49. No rejects Amendment therefore Commission The
for NATO. job cent a per hundred one is This
States. United the agreements with the with beginning matter, extremely urgent an is which skies agreements, open of renegotiation mandates for the including external relations, action on our will concentrate we 2003 in transport, air to regard With
Kosovo. affairs in "internal' supposedly its in any involvement tolerate to refuses Serbia
unemployment. high overcome and change structural with grips get to to concerned regions the to help seeks Europe way, In that
principle. guiding a as ownership with marginalisation, poverty and from continent the extricate to initiative the took whose leaders Africa, major in changes recent by created the momentum not lose must We
society. civil of idea the accept, not do they and want, not do They
problems. further to any without reference this, to responded consortia industrial European several partnership, a public-private up set order to in conditions needed establish the to in order of interest expression an call for a issued it when that states Commission the hand, other the On
findings. long-term no there are that and embellished often are procedures submitted approval in documents the everyone that to clear be now It should (DE) - writing. in
growth employment. and economic for opportunities new bring will This
authorities; police the by monitoring any without States' Member the various by are dispatched officers who 'liaison being there of prospect the of seriousness the
announcement. the before and up, came issue before November the question this ask to first, not the if first, the of one I was Commissioner, President, Madam Madam (EL)
view. our is at least, This,
market. labour on the active remain can work and various of kinds of capable still are however, them, of Many
into reality. transform Union, must European through the we, that and here, express to like so values we on the based century, 21st the for civilisation European model for a for searching in challenge our This is
Israeli-Palestinian conflict. the in role significant, decisive playing a of incapable been has Union European The
recreation. forms of all include to scope directive's extend the to like Parliament would and – quality stricter against nothing I have – being enforced now is quality Stricter
will succeed. tolerance zero of strategy only a that convinced am I
world? in absurd an living are we that understand to order in information more we need Do
way. currently under report, is which 1996-97 with starting reports, annual the up drawing in requests of Parliament's account take will Commission The
installation. nuclear any of are required standards highest The
UK. the country, my citizens in of millions of tens by is supported India and and Japan the USA, such as democracies largest world's the in practised is It
today. here us to presented package being the to relating points several emphasize to like would and opposition, the overcome Council's to order in making is he efforts the support for my personal Commissioner of assure the like to would I
Mr the Red of Committee International the for support our expressed and law humanitarian international of the principles to Parliament European the of commitment demonstrated the Conventions, Geneva the of anniversary 50th highlighted the have would which sitting plenary this of agenda the in resolution for a motion include a to tried Group Socialist the President, Monday last Cross.
transparency. market ensure to is that the directive, of objectives the key one of to contributes journalism Financial
protected. is data biometric provide who people of privacy the to that ensure priority our is also It
markets. financial the of regulation the into priorities values and moral its introduce to Europe expect we future In
citizens. its of in eyes the credibility Europe's undermine resources these of waste and management the poor fraud and all, After
President.
Parliament. need not do we ahead, way the be to is this If
whom? to on it passing Who is
curing. acid also and pressurizing simultaneous treatment, heat - stages several comprises course, of This process,
states. and countries against peoples, of war weapon real a is treaty MAI President, the Madam
fraud. suspected has UCLAF whenever prosecuted have we know You that
interesting. extremely is project revisited your that you to want tell I
reforms. democratic modern-day to accomplish been struggling has 1999, dictatorship in military of end the since which, country African huge a is Nigeria President, Mr
This passenger new of CO2 emissions the about information receive appropriate consumers that ensure to is cars.
Mr European the in justice social and prosperity in increase an to contribute to and employment, investment and growth, to integration favour European of and globalization opportunities of the using for preparations making are that emphasize we clearly Böhm I Gasòliba Mr by report and the European Commission from the report the President, Union.
place. controls take when the board across complied with are nationals third-country for entry of conditions same and the standards ensuring same the to view a with of borders, external management communitarising the at aimed proposal Commission’s the of thrust the supports Cashman, which Mr by report this endorse therefore I
belligerence. not and that achieve to it statesmanship takes but by side comfortably side living other each see want to Palestine and Israel both of Friends
on time. payments their pensioners receive nor employees State neither undermined, completely been have finances State' s the Because
competences. its broadening of possibility the with together issues minor debating busy is Parliament the meantime, In
impetus. employment new and growth for Strategy Lisbon the giving of task the ourselves set we Presidency, Luxembourg’s ago, under year A
a.m. at 11 tomorrow place take will vote The
principle. precautionary the with is customary as findings, scientific known of account taking without or findings, scientific on them basing substances certain without on total and bans direct talks about It
re-integration. integration and in our point this to Europe in us all of bringing in played has country which your role the acknowledge to President, Mr today, here welcome you can we that also pleased very am I

regime. Milosevic the of repression the and atmosphere stifling the from last at released be to there wish people that the sensed I Belgrade, in nights and my During days
lines. budgetary two these of implementation the K for b), 3(2 Article on based Ministers, the of Council through instrument legal necessary the got successfully already has Commission The
16.
The of European House the which covers report of the paragraph the to primarily relate and straightforward are reasons History.
debates. and our discussions enjoy I much how know Commissioner, you
exists. citizens really European for the whether Europe question to fail cannot problems these by affected Someone
danger. in be lives may their that possibility the of spite in origin, of countries their to in back women trafficking the of victims send Member States two but All
hooliganism. battle against the in tool vital as a welcomed be to are Member States different authorities in between cooperation increasing at aimed Initiatives
women. towards violence against intentions good many expresses text this President, Mr   
The been has friction that is tragedy real generated.
not enough. is it honest, be to But,
living Spain. in been has years 14 the last for who, - Holmes Barbara housewife, a murdering of accused - murderer letter-bomb suspected a Kingdom, United the in Cottingham, Keith that of like are European cases citizens Union irritates What
taken. be to need precautions necessary the all - positive clearly very is it positive and is - this measure although that believe I is why so that products, food produce also that could land the on produced is it that account into take should we biofuel, but is fuels alternative the of one - fuels with alternative replacement is third and the car; the use to cases of lot a prefer in still people but shift, is modal secondly, cars; there debates on tough very some been have there House this and in - cars efficient more is: transport firstly, have in we biofuel what policy, about strongly so feel I why explain To
terrorism. on report - the that of notification official give I and - for voted I error although in against, voted I that out point to like should I and gentlemen, ladies President, Madam (IT)
The the landslide sets that pebble only the is reduction harm of chestnut old rolling.
pointed out. has Záborská Mrs October, as 17 on of Poverty Eradication the for Day our explains this on prevention; emphasis place special we reason, this For
case. the not is if that present Members the for and them for badly go both Things will it. with complying of capable are they us that satisfy must they Further,
Ukraine. with negotiations FTA future the in subject an important be This will
UN appeal. initial global the of 60% than represents more alone This
sacred. is this right Yet
States. Member the in implementation of audit system criticized rightly and the controls executive criticized often the to but also States Member only to not an example set to opportunity an This is
situation. on the decide Council to Security United Nations the to up basically is It
test. the to positively reacting way any in are not tested have been that months 30 over and animals animals younger of all the country, that own my in least at place, taking been has that the testing obvious from is It
report. the in prominently features mandate also its of the interpretation to brings EBRD approach the pragmatic The
I you to question this refer therefore I and unacceptable an oversight this consider specifically.
too. that something about to do Council, the of President-in-Office you, would Mr ask I and against transparency offence an is too that then provisions, the of observance check does not or law into national it transpose then not does but area, environmental the in legislation, especially approve well may Germany that - be proven can easily as and - Germany quite in usual as was case, the is it If
mechanism. of reform this the on reflection current the of part be should LDCs also the of favour in investments development mechanisms) (clean CDM the of distribution a balanced more future the in ensuring Similarly,
sort. this approach of tactical any should abandon we believe I this, do to not helped have embargo of years If 40
objectives. same the towards are striving they counts many aspects, on but different emphasise sometimes course, of do, They
In budget to this outcome satisfactory a achieve will we and that constructive be will between institutions three the negotiations ongoing that our confident am I and the Council by cut appropriations the restore will Parliament European the that hopeful am I conclusion procedure.
Commissioner. you, Thank
be welcome. will ground off the projects local specific getting towards contribution Any
Strategy. Lisbon the counter to runs proposal Commission’s The
Commissioner, extraordinary requires that situation extraordinary is an this measures.
its application. facilitate to possible quickly as as implemented be needs to instruments of set a and important is especially initiative Eastern Partnership The (RO)
principle. country-of-origin the friend: old to our Finally
inheritance. genetic human the modifying at aimed research or cloning reproductive either circumstances permit no It in must
salmonella. for positive which tested third of one approximately meat preparations, imported of samples 40 some has taken Administration Food National Swedish the Swedish municipalities, five with conjunction In
report. Florenz the on vote our with morning, this this again We said
Belarus. and Ukraine Georgia, Moldova, Azerbaijan, Armenia, namely Europe, of eastern countries the in ENPI the to implementing a with view assemblies EuroLat and Euromed the lines as same the on created be should Parliament, European the of participation the with ('Euroeast'), assembly Neighbourhood an Eastern
chemicals. old to use and cheaper is possible it where situation a supports it because market, the onto coming from chemicals and better new prevents chemicals on legislation current Our
policy. EU-Russia be the future in will Baltic policy to relating matters All
languages. of knowledge and availability flexibility, skills, requires The economy world
package. the asylum of elements side the just these are clearly - but protection of international beneficiaries on report own my Presidency, the Belgian during including, - package the of parts some in some progress real had have We
determination. same the with future continue in to intend firmly we but wish, we might achieved everything not have we cases in many that aware We are
expertise. individual their to according each society, members civil of various and authorities regional local and States, Member the institutions, the European support from and recognition due requires Therefore, it
changes. faces big countryside European The
law? a of introduction regards the it as about anything to do ready or willing she Is
Affairs. Constitutional on Committee the Robles, and Gil Mr rapporteur, the work of the excellent and cooperation the without possible been have nothing would and course of it achieve to hard worked have We
proceed. to whether decide could then we and evaluated could be This
uphold it. to me for necessary not is it that documented well and glaringly obvious so is trafficking this of are victims and take in part migrants of who rights the safeguard and protect welcome, willingness to ability and Italy's about truth the entirety: its told in be therefore should truth The
demanding task. a be will terms, long and the medium in but term the short in criteria, not crucial meeting that aware well are Bank Central Slovak the as well as Slovakian The Government
presented? Piebalgs have Commissioner and you package the new with accord fully also proposals current the that say you hear I did Secondly,
conditions. relevant the met has Croatia when Commission the by report a of basis the on discussed be would Europe, South-East of countries offering the is Union the that agreement of type new bilateral a which is Pact, Association Stability and a on talks of commencement the that the stated Council relations, contractual Regarding
Commission proposals. the in contained flexibility of elements the eliminate all and would a scope broad too create would amendments The
ahead. further way a good together, us, bring This will
death. to bled had man this until the street bleeding on man a to attend to allowed was not doctor A
Slovenia. and and Herzegovina, Croatia, Bosnia of Serbia, states neighbouring the with unite to decision voluntary a took Montenegro independent 1918 in Commissioner, President, Mr (DE) - Group. GUE/NGL the of on behalf
show consistency. to have we and results concrete deliver to We have
crisis. environmental the crisis and financial the between link the on notably welcome), perhaps is new one a but many, are group (there another up reflection setting one the are since you Barroso, Mr to you, message a is This crisis. about the words few a say to like just would I Next,
fuels. future for hope need new we that clear is it change, climate of effects concerned the about ever more are world the around people Europe and in citizens and doubled have prices Europe in petrol time when a At
one citizenship. will now neither and eurozone, the in all suit does not size one that reality the to up waking slowly is every country and each Because
order. and to law regain needed be also will help Outside
rapport. this against we voted Naturally
needs. staff of forthcoming survey the to look forward I
sidelines. the rather on remained it where Amsterdam, in did it than conference intergovernmental the at play to role better a have certainly which must Parliament, European the with cooperation achieved in must be reform The institutional
the law. of letter, not the if spirit, against the go would immunity, his to uphold not threatened or which immunity, his waive to threatened which result any that me to seems it capacity, and that in his answers also gave He Parliament. of Member a as his capacity interviewed in was Musotto Mr that indisputable is thus It
Europe. social more a of direction the moving in are we that signal strong out a sent have it because would that, regret I
systems. transport of innovative use the with fuels, new of introduction the such as needed, fact in are initiatives Other
clear. are matters so negotiation, and PNR a requested country has non-EU other no present at that you assure to like would I
our best. will do we but expectations, extravagant awakened not have you hope I
coaches. or for inns hotels, standards European no be will there least, part, at Commission’s the For
Union. European the in wealth this of protection for funding lack of a chronic There is
distributed. seats are the way in change the be a must there maintained, be to is procedure decision-making efficient an If
disturbing. most found that I points on the to focus intend I report, this of not approve do Greens the that announced less or been more it has since that, Reul Mr to I say may Commissioner, President, (DE) Mr - Group. Verts/ALE the of on behalf
partners. Union's main European the with conducted be dialogue to macro-economic the multilateral in for us useful particularly be will and Union European the of overview a budgetary have to we are if achievement a major is This
getting. also are they bonuses grotesque the and getting are them some of that salaries the immoral in seen is That
view. of point this with agree not I do
in Chechnya. conflict the to solution political a towards progress make in to order future immediate in the take to it proposes the measures specify to Commission the to ask like should I reason that For
country. European a not it is that grounds the on join allowed to be never Turkey should say that who those of arguments the reject However, I
s. example, Sweden' for policy like, social a with cope cannot system, economic Communist within a countries, impoverished these that however, obvious, is It
measures. particular of the characteristics regions and certain of situations specific account the into take to order in Regulation Development Rural the new under from support forests state-owned of exclusion the are concerning derogations there However,
isolation. in it at look cannot we Hussein, Saddam on attack proposed Parliament, the a as view, we However
again. back brought case the have we why of essence the is that And
in this. involved get to OLAF for call We
rejections. of number the out to work to you it leave will I
it. deliver to instruments the to linked objective the ultimate and on reform, Constitutional with connection in project European the on focus has to dialogue the why is That
violence. extreme sometimes and harassment with is met courage/dissent that such clear also is it seek reforms, democratic who those For
approach. particular a take immigrants we of the issue on - mentioned was it because particular - In
cargo residues. and ship-generated waste for facilities port reception 1998/0249(COD)] on - [C5-0348/2000 Council directive and Parliament European for a Committee Conciliation by the text approved joint the on Committee, Conciliation the to delegation parliamentary the of on behalf Bouwman, Mr by (A5-0213/2000) report the is item next The
fishing. down on cutting and/or capacity fishing of reducing combination a be may result achieving the way of the but terms, legal in put to specific result, achieve a to obligation an objective, an obligation meet to an therefore is There
economy. our for necessity a also is immigration illegal sand: the heads in our however, bury not, We must
Greece is bill the up pick to the eurozone, outside countries in especially taxpayers, asking foreign but encouragement and support needs our difficult.
environment. working in their feel comfortable to them help and force labour into the people older integrate to help can we how ourselves we ask that practice, best of models we find that ensure we must believe I working world, the to comes it When
the delay. for reason the is and task easy been an not has This
concerned. Commission is the as far as globally TB and AIDS, malaria for essential medicines of procurement the untied we year ago a Parliament that remind I
.   
procedure. the of urgency use requests Commission the which for proposals legislative the on Russa La Mr and Segelström Mrs Mrs Kudrycka, by reports the to plenary presented already Affairs has Home and Justice Liberties, Committee Civil on the Mr President,
(DE) king's the and bloodhounds Richelieu's and escape border the taken over be to dung cart-load of a in hidden fugitive being the of story romantic the with familiar all we are revolutions, wars and peasants upheavals, Europe's many from President, Mr guards.
place. take longer no can practices misleading such so that directive this of revision the up speed to Commission European the on calling resolution this of in favour I voted insufficient, be to out turned practices misleading has on current directive the As
things. different two are they say to wish I but issue, this on expand going to not am I
security. and flows migration controlling is priority, which area of current our for benefits other any bring not exercise will This dogmatic
hypocrisy. Parliamentary of peak a is really press freedom of absence supposed of pretext a the on Europe of Council the to admitted being not Croatia is that President, fact the Madam
a.m. 11 at tomorrow place take vote will The
avoided. cannot losses be admit, us let because, is This
Some European whole the for sector fishery the of significance real ignore the tend to countries Union European economy.
today. face that we challenges social and economic the heart of at the lies policy Consumer
one protested. and no libel, for actions these of many saw I right: is Mauro I Mr know how is This
Concerning to relates to referred he that report the him, thank I which remarks, for Mintz’s Mr Hammerstein 2005.
respect. this in our position indicate to development, rural 1b, sub-heading for million EUR 20 by ceiling budget the exceed to decided we even demonstration have a As
eye. blind a turned have we transporting while detainees, impunity, with Europe around been flying have aircraft service US secret years, For
fiscal common system. possible a discussing be also will we soon that believe I
Alawites. the Kurds and society, the Turkish of sectors of identity rights the of respect full for Turkey and within ethnic minorities and religious of rights the respecting for rights; human of violations other and torture abolishing for opportunities country; the of democratisation further opportunities for – opportunities means membership negotiations for open to many, Turkey for For
cruelty. physical and to mental subjected are being of who people masses these fail and onlookers passive be cannot We
more surprising. all the the Parliament European of forum the citizens in with dialogue of issue the on discussion real any of blocking the makes also This
totalitarian crime. of memory the safeguard to the States Member used in practices and methods instruments, various legal the of overview factual a providing of aim the with launched been has study a report, this for the ground prepare To
Recent quota. raising in involved risks the clearly demonstrate developments the
I financial strengthening in forward steps been have there and budget EU the of the use in to improvements points report this year’s that pleased control. am
truth. the to discover any desire above is that ally an towards belligerently behave to desire a of indicative insinuations is accusations the and some of counteracting details relevant some report the in including at aimed amendments of number a of the rejection note, serious more a On
initiative. timely for this Commission European the congratulate I
I be will questions you all refrain, because if statements, make to not possible, – if particular in anyone to referring not am I general – in you, ask therefore would answered.
risk. at it putting in point no is there and however, one, fragile very Council a is in the compromise reached The
are. others few that way a in business European a truly is today business transport that the doubt no is there - us stay with to decided have who of you - those gentlemen and ladies Commissioner, President, Madam
a rule. strict is it that shows which it, with difficulties certain experiencing currently are rule this include constitutions whose States Member Those
mandate. the in mentioned is period retention no time, this data selected, regards As the
life? of quality the of detriment the to constantly, increases work of pace and where volume the an economy towards contribute way, you that in that you realise Do
-. C6-0340/2008 - breastfeeding are or birth given recently have workers who and workers pregnant of work health at and safety the in improvements encourage to measures of the introduction on Council Directive 92/85/EEC amending Council the and of Parliament European of the directive a for proposal the on Equality, and Gender Rights Women's on the Committee of behalf on by Estrela, Mrs the report
used. being method the object to we Firstly,
Nations. United the of the mediation approved recently very Cyprus of President the that fact the given fault, at is that Cyprus, State, not Member candidate the is it however, time, This
I you with discussion the to forward am looking tonight.
Procedure. of Civil Code the of provisions the with accordance court in challenged in be may Council Media the of decision official an 163, in Article for However, provided as
made. being still are same mistakes The
States. Schengen of circle privileged the of part become can countries these two that so agreement reaches an the Council that hope I sincerely
(DE) of provision for the borders open have to want we all President, Mr services.
We multilateral of implementation full to achieve forums international in be active to ambitions common our emphasising are obligations.
politics. up can give we then outset, the at public made is documents in working the down thinking set the all If
per year. million 8 EUR is budget safety s road Commission' the present At
AOL the doing not others are but reputations, excellent have NTL and job.
issue. key in this interest Parliament’s of proof debate is this that believe I
services. public the of mission the generally, to more and, service of quality employment, of conditions serious to damage do which amendments the We all rejected (FR) .
citizens. our of blood the in detected be still presence can their many but years EU the for in banned been have lindane and DDT instance, For
authority. new a creating by just doing this on rely cannot we mentioned, have I objective policy economic the achieve to want really we If
He as countries such to attitude EU’s the of indictment was stinging a that but generosity, our overstated have may this.
Yet male-dominated still are unfortunately, which unions, trade the are as feet, their dragging the are politicians pay, equal of principle the implementing in life, of walk in any women for justice of matter a is it case whenever the always is as organisations.
comments. various for their Parliament of Members thank to like I should President, – Mr   
context. global a in EU itself the and States regions, Member towns, villages, individual promote to time, same the and, at countries European deep of traditions cultural the of awareness develop to pays It
We as many as perhaps to up, it open to are we supposed now countries; 12 for programme this launched 25.
conflict. East Middle for the Process Barcelona of use the inappropriate the prevent must we Fourthly,
By to citizens. possibilities new offering and aviation transatlantic regulating arrangements the modernising in role decisive extremely an played Parliament announcement, its made had Tourism and Transport the on Committee before even March, on 14 the agreement backing European
Council's operations. the of year first the to assess time now is It
Finally, Commission's the about Berger said Mrs what endorse I powers.
succeeded. have not could process legislative this whose cooperation without co-rapporteurs, all to and a year, for House this in side by side almost sitting been I have whom Grossetête, with Françoise Mrs particular, to in and, in Parliament here position single a of establishment to the work whose contributed everyone to appreciation my express to like therefore also would I
consistent? be to Taiwan, of president elected democratically the not but to leader visit, the Tibetan of allowing policy the consider it Does
a But few last not even will we envelope, budget the on GNP of % 1.27 of ceiling a putting and States, Member 25 or 21 20, to moving by enough: is not that years.
safety. guaranteeing food and European consumer the faith of the restoring for responsibility of share own its clearly taken has European Parliament the proposals their In
families. class working and of women consent the services, with existing social and commercialise privatise further and downgrade to aim ultimately proposals which are These
go. to want Europe, as we, where of the question answer to aspires which question, or the answers debate which fundamental a triggered has today your speech you because to thank should like I Commission, the of Mr President President, Mr
the vote. of 90% with approved Constitution was European the Canary Islands, the region, my in Specifically,
fundamental right. a is Privacy
conditions. proper under course work of can workers and there the organised being is that from dumping this suffering without prices proper charge can employers that so together, tackle this to ready be should countries those is that us matters to what detail; more ever and up piling directives more and adding more with not is concern Our
seem much. not may six years for South Africa from away year per million 2 EUR to take proposal The
the in follow-up. strategies, automatic the in come course, of should, deadlines and targets the however: order, the right in come to It has
rules. supervisory of set different a to subject is parent organization insurance life for the because, instance, just resources capital as quality their lose suddenly cannot qualifying means Particular
years. of period a over implemented successfully be should Association Agreements and Stabilisation the that was committee, the by not accepted was which My recommendation,
The tractors forestry or agricultural wheeled of design speed maximum the relating to 89/173/EEC 86/415/EEC and 86/297/EEC, 79/533/EEC, 80/720/EEC, 79/532/EEC, 78/764/EEC, 78/933/EEC, 77/537/EEC, 77/311/EEC, 76/763/EEC, 76/432/EEC, 75/321/EEC, 75/322/EEC, 74/347/EEC, 74/346/EEC, 74/152/EEC, 74/151/EEC, 74/150/EEC, Directives Council amending Directive and Council European Parliament a of adoption the view to a with the Council by adopted position common the Policy on Industrial and Affairs and Monetary Economic on the Committee of behalf on Hautala, Mrs by (A4-0218/97) reading second for recommendation the on debate the item is next (C4-0150/97-96/0129(COD)).
What Iranian the by taken action judicial against the raising we actually are objections fundamental authorities?
Thursday. on as normal ahead go will rest The
detail. in out spelled be must treaty of the scope the of all, First
rules. international ground of set with a complying countries' as small, well as large, of guarantor the be and role decisive the play must that EU the small is it countries, as well as large to applies that and is viable developed that be to is system legal international if an that, ever clearer becoming also is it and system, legal international an for need is a there that ever nowadays than clearer view, my in is, it President, Mr
analysts. financial and banks investment companies, accounting company amongst directors, operating of capitalism form pally the about numerous revelations seen we have months, recent In
dimension. environmental and economic the dimension, and military and political dimension, the the human dimensions, namely three their all in obligations and rules OSCE's with the compliance full to commit to able and ready it is that show must Kazakhstan that have emphasised Commission the and Council Union, the European the of Kazakhstan, authorities political the with meetings In
this. all in ignored being largely are peoples indigenous the Moreover,
that. respect We
clandestinely. Kyi Suu San Aung with meet to able was occasion the I second On
deliver. will the that draft researchers CFR the of content the on depends also decision this as CFR, Commission final the incorporated into will be which CFR academic the of parts those selecting in proceed to how decided not yet has The Commission
(Applause)
law. EU in significant improvement a constitutes concessions, which procurement and public on the rules of modernisation the prioritises making, and law better of principle the in with line is it that believe I resolution as this for voted I that state hereby I
scale. very small a on operating slaughterhouses for particular, in enterprises and, for smaller costs involve major would it fear I regions, and and the States Member for the significance economic of its estimates any given been I have Nor
policy. immigration thinking on joined-up achieving to some contribute will debate afternoon's this that hope I
problem. a is that it stated have researchers their own because States United in the problem a as recognised been has now issue climate Certainly, the
made. been have that proposals the with agreement broad my state can I work, his on I congratulate Beysen, whom Mr by the report with to regard Incidentally,
atmosphere. open and pleasant a in proceeded has and constructive been cooperation has our that think I
My the of the initiative on Florence in prepared treaty basic the approving by now step first a take not why is, question Commission?
possible. as visible stamp as 'EU' the making with rather but programme, civil protection EU's or the aid humanitarian strengthening with concerned to not be seem does rapporteur the Sadly,
judiciary? the of reform the out carry to managing Justice Minister, very determined its of help the it, with is crucial: are still ago months six were asked questions that The
unconvinced. remain I Prodi, Mr of statements various and the hearings following individual the Regrettably,
markets. on Community domestic traded and territories occupied the from coming products range of a of origin of State to the attesting proof unequivocal Member with States various of the services customs presented the and prepared NGO Palestinian a and the settlements, in established companies of a list published movement Israeli peace an evidence, reliable of hold get to States Member the and Commission the for easier it make order to In
   the welcome to wish I also President, Mr President-in-Office.
topmost priorities. the of one be to ought Water
steps. other various with up this follow We will
Despite treated being not are prisoners the that proof no been there has formal status their about the uncertainty humanely.
Parliament. this in views of wide variety a reflect which your contributions, you for thank I
In to hard using on move to possible it makes that threshold lowers the drugs milder trade in free any that believed generally is it North, the drugs.
in. already is the it than one crisis deeper even an into Union the would plunge years few next the in perspectives financial of lack Indeed, the
correlations. political express its also they However,
One also there are but - SMEs upon burden regulatory the or increased requirements are technology and innovation that fact or the change climate is it whether - dangers and are risks that there seen has Council the is that Council European the of out come to the successes of opportunities.
of I President the to Parliament of this congratulations convey the to President, Madam you, ask to like would Algeria.
If about done is being what and it on thoughts your are so, what it?
do? to want they what themselves decided for not already nations the Have
has. Paper Green this way in the imported energy on dependence our out pointed which has twenty years past the in debate recall no can I
disappoint them. not us Let
rapporteur's report. the to alternative clearer and fairer a represents colleagues my with drafted I have position the I that believe
easy. will be this of None
(Applause)
Large these with work we way the change must we such, as and, them from not do benefit people working and farmers small small producers, agreements; these from most companies European benefit countries.
new solutions. proposing when is needed approach long-term a that is means this What
August. of month including the months, six than less operation for in had been new rules the 2006, in June for called Council European had the which initial evaluation, the of time the at mind that, in borne be should it work, Council's the of effectiveness on the measures these transparency of impact the Concerning
debt relief. of issue raised the have Members of number A
courts. the to matter the take I would involved, person the were If I
here. observations few make a to like nevertheless would I that but Mrs of Balzani, work the welcome I saying that by begin to like would I (PT) President, Madam
of consumers? expense the at their business doing are moment, at the which, multinationals those of mercies tender the to Europe of government the leave to have we Shall
process. and democratisation peace the of stage every addressed at are issues rights human that must ensure political settlement, a obtaining on focused community, international the Initiatives by
speech. of start my the at I mentioned that this Parliament in bodies three the of procedures constitutional the standardise again once to need about the remain still doubts in 170, Rule contradiction this remove to Procedure of Rules the amend to necessary absolutely is it that, although consider to groups parliamentary the use of for been has report this regard to with the just' of sleep the 'sleeping in used time that this seems It
against. vote our Hence
untenable. operation its without making reduced be not could it that small so is it to quota allocated the Europe; in have we factory the only and general industry in sugar production, the beet sugar undermine would That
States. Member several in sold are goods addresses where contact manufacturers' with provide consumers to recommendation strong a also is There
Union. European the in had lived elsewhere they if died have not probably would people These
States solidarity to in more and policy structural better a to contribution is a this that clear it make really can we that so stand a take again once must Member Europe.
quality. air improve and impurities of of emissions levels reduce normal will cars old in new requirements the to according of fuels use the In addition,
reasons. several for EU-Africa Summit the resolution on a for motion the voted against I President, Mr
proposals. own their making rating agencies the well involve could process This
I by this being destroyed are life human of building-blocks the basic or cells of parts vital the whether know to question on this done been has research not enough that agree radiation.
Irish Sea. the across nuclear shipments from arise could that damage environmental likely the on out carried be to assessment impact environmental full a time for high it is is that related matter but separate A
No.
Council. Security with the complying about is It
manner. a differentiated level in at local act to need the account into taking services, and inputs to agricultural access greater improved and provide which can funding desire for a by accompanied are measures safety-net social emergency where system a to is made reference that and response rapid a need for the stresses rapporteur the that fact the welcome therefore I
Conviver. through violence paramilitary apparent of sanctioning including the authorities, state against abuse rights of human questions outstanding and serious recognize the we Government, Colombian from the proposals peace welcoming Whilst
Luxembourg. in meeting Council European the of the conclusions on Agreement and Ankara the 1963 of 28 on Article based be to had report this that Cardiff stated in It was
economy. weak the to due 2010 in cent eight per top to expected not are arising loans non-performing and government the although loans, or bonds government form in of the are banks' assets the of 8% Some
objectives. social and Community economic our to improve serve they will since Parliament, of support majority the receive will amendments our that We hope
Constitution. the in shortcomings highlights it criticisms: some expresses rightly it course Of
workers. educated of concentration largest the and income capita per highest the with world, the in market have largest the we that see will you then North Africa, and Russia Europe, eastern include you words, other if in borders; economic by its but borders political not its by Europe define you If
investigation. ongoing the with and Europe of Council the cooperate with to every effort make therefore EU must The
Allah. of sun the basks in sometimes which States, United of the policy foreign the of nature pro-Islamic and the Islam about ambiguity any of free is which balance a our on companies, Californian state the by taxing practised the unilateral without Act, Helms-Burton the imperialism of the Act, the d'Amato of imperialism the aside setting by be balanced should these but relationships, balanced support all We
Irish economy. the of misreading a and unwarranted unreasonable, are the Ecofin decision and recommendation Commission the that claimed He
Finally, Nations the in contained United organisation, the of principles and spirit the of light in sense make not would it that reason simple the for Assembly General Nations United on the permanent seat having a Union European the of the to idea object we Charter.
in. caved and has capitulated vets, from not and suppliers from medicines to these buy able be would they industry so farming support the it would that along all said having Government, the UK that fear rather I
disappear. to going are rail problems the current - premature be to believe many furthermore, which, - date specific setting a by that, claiming by citizens European the deceive to as cynical or so are naive we not However,
view. of economic point an from least potential, great not area of represents an it that doubt no is though there even sufficiently, exploited nor neither appreciated is heritage cultural European however, often, too All
dimension. this of account taking really we are that proves This guidelines. of package the first have shall we year, the end of the by that, We believe
it. say else will one no if even countries developing for particularly years, 50 the last done over Europe has what of proud rather am Personally, I
substances. such of use the on with restrictions comply to protection and provide to for bosses compulsory it makes which and mutagens or carcinogens to to exposure related risks from the workers of protection the concerns which report, this favour in of voted We (FR) .
have produced. they what for get payment and their copyright from legitimately benefit to able be to copyright of owners for arise will ways new that convinced am I
work. her on rapporteur the congratulating in speakers other with to join should like I Mr President,   
institutions. the between knowledge information and of transfer in the greatly assists This
Union. European the on to impose seek we which ethos basic the with odds is at completely which something is this Rights, Fundamental Charter of the signed have we when today, Especially
them. of enforcing means sure laws and precise requires strategy European The
our positions. for battle the lost have we Commission, European the as and Union the European as that, Commissioner, fear I
Presidency. under our Warrant Evidence European the and information of exchange on decision a framework agree able to be will we anticipate that We
States. the Member and presidency groups, the working the from initiatives coming of given details be should we pending, and matters on information to access need also We
poverty. of out get Europe cannot We
struggle. constitutional Danish the during paralysed about just political system was whole the ago, years 130 Denmark in situation the to refer again To
In not is wrong. This is it version English the contentious.
another. one against West and East the from Members of off playing the – Mrs Roithová from about heard just we what for society, and European in groups of all almost indignation the indeed annoyance, responsibility for the must bear who Commissioner, is you, It
time. any at that can do We
report. a upon agreeing in succeeded but amendments, of a lot We had
time. little us a save would This
drugs. of misuse this alarming combating methods of powerful more and effective more still find to able be will Commissioner the that hope much very and we obtained, has been outcome best and definitive the contains, it what with and us before have report we the with that, do not consider We
world. whole civilised the to brings it concern and the murderous insanity its terrorism, of issue the deal with to opportunity the had have we morning this and yesterday gentlemen, and Ladies –
rights breaches. human political and widespread these condone not should countries Other
that? accept you Do
believe me. you must then Prague, in discussions the at it of made was mention no that me and to sent not was it that you tell I If
In President and Commission the thank to also like would I connection this Santer.
activity. livestock and of agricultural abandonment the to leading is situation current the especially when ones, problematic particularly other in and regions, island and mountainous in all above enterprises, and medium-sized small for measures support direct for clamouring livestock farmers the support We
lives. everyday their in - workers cross-border and employers - citizens facilitate to designed practical projects all are These
Presidency. your success for tremendous a be would That
It on them and pursue take initiatives to can, we where important, extremely is both.
(DE) his for Rübig Mr thank to like I would President, Mr question.
I mouth and foot policy to response Commission's the in reflected are strongly Parliament of views the that find will you confident that am disease.
p.m.) 9 at resumed p.m. and 7.40 at suspended was (The sitting
possible. as soon as be implemented can so it quickly finalised text this get desire to the possible and as far as Commission and Council the with negotiations take to wish the between divided course are of here we reports, other with as and, reading report's second on this vote to have will Parliament said, tomorrow been just has As
interests. in our also is it duty, a just not That is
products? their of sales the to promote markings using CE manufacturers weapon stun prevent to action take Commission the Will
suffered. have children our of many A great
reasons. democratic for so do must also We
future. the in investments carbon low the forward drive so we rise carbon prices to see us want I
For without country unified a framework of the within obligations joint honour European to Pact and Stability the of rules the apply to made being efforts support the policies our to use shall we concerned, are opposition the we, as main far that, as you assure we and zone euro the to accession s Greece' of favour in vote Parliament European to the on call we being, time the borders.
Kosovo. to approach their in talk honestly states the all that ensure must we Equally,
elections. fair free conditions and for creating in assist to offered has and very closely developments follow will Commission The
From is regulation this of view point budgetary and legal a justified.
EU. the within goods capital and of services, persons, movement the free existence of in the which resulted and Union European the within completed been has recently which market internal the from step forward logical a is Currency European Single The
take. have to we direction and options and the challenges the are These
forward. file bringing this in use great and real help was of which and organised was which hearing the them for thank like to would I
The be to held Parliament food that safety for appropriations in million 50 EUR of increase the approved Council furthermore important.
Too each of needs specific the disregarding globally, approached health is issue of the fact, in often, sex.
threshold. materiality the slightly below be to estimated is expenditure EAGF for rate error the while error, overall of part the disproportionately for large a account to continues 'rural development' that found Court the 2007, in spent was billion 51 EUR where resources', natural and 'agriculture For
force. in regulation of kind without any activities in these in increase an result would ban this that believe others while gambling, banning of in favour out speak who are those There
. banknotes' of design and issue the regarding practices existing possible far as respect as shall ECB 'the that states 16 Article 3, Protocol
dangerous. be doubly to said be may substances These
that. for your support for ask I
( generations solidarity between and challenge Demographic
rate? conversion agricultural the from different significantly is structure, very its by which, rate the customs choose but why rate, a single want to logical me to seems It
mattered. happen to getting that So,
I of economy the real deep into striking crisis economic biggest the now, in with are we situation of the perspective the from and crisis, of time a in yet not were we when started, story whole when the of perspective the from perspectives: two issue from this at look to need that we say to wish Europe.
. agreements' and situation current agreements: Fisheries documents: ' latest their of one the on Commission we congratulate on Fisheries Committee the from report this in Indeed,
stocks. of depletion the to leads and policy the of consequence inevitable an is It norm. becomes the Predatory fishing
the spring. in support its gave Parliament to which Grid, Gas the Nordic projects of list the to adding proposes The Commission
Environment. the for Instrument Financial LIFE+, the or - 2002-2006 framework, previous Community the from programmes Community - Guidance Fisheries for Instrument Financial the Guarantee Fund, and Guidance Agricultural European the in reductions projected the this of include Examples
conferences. and communications resolutions, nice grand speeches, all about is Union European the that Members said of number A
groups. other the from Members the with in agreement difficult a question to very solutions found appropriate has and job a magnificent done has who Lehne, Mr rapporteur, the to you thank very big a first gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr (DE) -
The next the for proposals the and agenda the prepare would and it parliaments national and Parliament European the national governments, Commission, the from representatives of would consist convention This Conference Intergovernmental next for the prepare to convention a of formation the proposal for its report is the hallmark of IGC.
issue. this on reach agreement to easy be not that will it aware am I
This and wines to certain restricted have them to seeking are and circumstances exceptional under be admitted to only indications geographical want which Australia, and States United the in taken line firm the is this of proof best the however, and everyone, please not will spirits.
later. return shall I which to governance, good and democracy human rights, of promotion all, the above with, political reform, is points these among First
for this? responsibility take to prepared are you not or whether and instructions your of a as happened result this whether to ask like would I
action. for platform the Beijing of implementation with push ahead to scope Union increased the gives Treaty Amsterdam The
quality. certain a indicate product to and familiar and distinguishable product the make to is mark the purpose of main The
principle? substitution the of basis the process authorisation on in the account into taken must be effects cocktail that stipulate to order in legislation of other types also and perhaps REACH revising now for present proposals not Commission the should So,
This security political current by the also slowdown but economic global the by caused mainly is crisis.
suffer. also would Exports
the I of some to with regard make to however, comments, few a have points.
is not. another and in is coming one country considerations that political of purely the basis on saying is, that word, the of sense or narrowest worst the in were it as decisions political make ourselves let cannot we which on subject a is it on enlargement, discussion recent most the during Parliament here in said I As
strong’. still going is from crawled he womb ‘The he wrote: Ui’, of Arturo rise resistible ‘The his In
The Copenhagen in meeting in the at Council European the to submitted be to report evaluation an draw up will Commission December.
negotiations. involved and complex of the fruit and internal market for the forwards step significant a is which this vote, welcome I
fact. in things, Several
measures. additional replacing with them without controls border internal the removing speak about to wrong is It
exports. arms control of effective an for pleading have been who all those misled has presidency UK The
Member States. Europe of Council and G8 the of initiative an primarily is which network this in States of Member participation the about informed been not has Council the Mr Dunn, Newton President, Mr (PT) Council. - of the President-in-Office
prevented? be can this How
it. for any justification provide to has ceased Budget the of structure The
time Voting
cycle. life their of end at the recycled properly be can they that so designed are vehicles motor that will ensure that proposal amended an approving be will tomorrow we President, Mr .   
2.
settlement. social a supported and have this issue of dimension social the appreciated have that you note to pleased was I Barroso, Mr President, Madam
ground. the on the reality of the diversity of because simply is it this, but elaborate on to time no have I
shallow. is it but area in fairly large Baltic is The
problems. serious are experiencing Karelia, like which, regions Russian to those aid humanitarian channelling for responsible body concerning the decision a final adopted not has the Government Russian far So
Lastly, roads. on cars newer proportion of the increasing of issue the is with must Parliament deal which point key the here, end will I and our
Conference. the efforts greater from require will - procedures of the simplification in and decision-making majority Commission, in the in - reform Institutional
years. three within report a writing for responsible would be Commission the that who mentioned Deprez, from Mr borrow will I point The fifth
be useful. course of would Italy and between Romania collaboration Further
Environmental is water and air both in damage increasing.
staff. ‘in-country’ our of local knowledge detailed the most of the make and to field the in supervised closely more is aid ensure that to is devolution the process of objectives key of the One
services? public of liberalisation the regards as Brussels' be policy will What
waste society. zero a towards practice this move beyond to prepare we can that so down, watered not be must area this in Regulation
I has he which point the with agree I ever and as years of a number for Mr McMahon known have raised.
as well. society and economy to the but environment, to the only not threats serious most the of one change poses Climate
agreement. real a can be result the But
climate change. with do to have nothing which but anyway implement to wanted she or that he sanctions implementing of purposes for the climate the debate abusing is agriculture and soil for laws new who demands Anyone
violence. by about be brought never can political solution A
report. this behind aims original forget the should not we Secondly,
Italy particular have would Greece and problems.
painful. often and far-reaching been very have States new Member the in changes the know that We
financing. terrorist of issue the also address must We
practical. touch more a just is it but crude well be may this Consequently, all
Meanwhile, humanitarian with supports EU the country a Congo, from the arrive raw uranium of imports secret illegal aid.
budgeting. category or class budgeting, have must we all, however, Above
Furthermore, and rights human for respect say, is to values, that and principles same the OSCE follow the and Union the European both structures, very are different they although that stressed be must it democracy.
evaluation process. mutual mentioned the Presidency, Hungarian the of commitment of the us reminded Gáll-Pelcz, who Mrs and Løkkegaard Mr
required. circumstances as quickly as or beginning, also the at thought have might we quickly as as go not we did why explains also it but joint responsibility, a is That
issues. these about informed House this of Tourism and Transport on Committee the has kept Kallas Vice-President
Macedonia. in being met not just are criteria Copenhagen the that reason simple the for candidate, a fact in already is it say that course cannot of we But
theme. science/society the for particularly relations, added international for were which the appropriations with pleased also are We
and Russia. States United the between Agreement START the of renewal the and Treaty Ban Test Nuclear the comprehensive promote Member must States The EU
conditions. the met countries soon these as as expedited procedure, an under Herzegovina, and and Bosnia for Albania liberalisation visa the with to deal undertook that Council, European the with together itself, Parliament it was November, last that, you I remind Might
Procedure. of Rules the of 91 Rule with accordance in current part-session for the agenda the on included be a resolution for the motion that it requested situation there, alarming the view of in and, Lanka Sri in situation humanitarian the of deterioration the on a resolution motion for a approved Foreign Affairs on Committee the March, 9 on Monday, its meeting at that, states which you communication a read to have I chair, the in am I as gentlemen, and Ladies
expenditure. of household and one-sixth incomes national 8% of employment, of 6% GDP, of 3% for accounts sector The
rubbish. that to ban legislation use could we Secondly
bull. a to rag red like a is That
copyright. like where I view of point a come from I
order. of point a concerns it if again floor the take allow to only you can I
assistance. provide such can it which on basis the legal and 119 Article discovered - easy from was far which - searching lot of a after finally, has European Union the because comment a make positive I can that however, say, would I
Mrs action. with Lucas' support my express to speech, Mr Balfe's after especially moral duty, a have I feel I but rules, the in for provided is not this that know I President, Madam
I great this on work to and states continue few a of Union federal a envisage rapidly should very we think project.
resolution. this against voted have I is why This
is. actually it than more % 50 be could year any in one fish yield the that means This
Congress. Philippine the in presented been have that initiatives the support regard, I this In
of Presidents. Conference the by tabled a text of basis the on Commission, by the forward put the proposals on based priorities political final the establish House the to enable then will That
change. structural underpin policy to social for ways finding to more attention devote We must
is. it way the That is
unsustainably. worked are fisheries being EU of majority the that indicated has Commission The
circumstances. exceptional due to is This
on progress. updated Committee the INTA keep will I that saying without goes It
183. in leasú a cló mheancóg faoin mholadh a liom béil leasú ba mhaith de sin Mar
them. for Statute European a about bring can we that course of very good is also it and countries are European the different in cooperatives the important how has Everyone said
Azores. of the sugar the solution for a finding in role significant a played and involved heavily were they Republic; the of government the regional and government of the as well as Azores, of the Association Agricultural of the contribution decisive the stress also would I
1408. Regulation scope of the within citizens these bring to reason, with good for opting, and political and squabbling envy on backs their turn to deciding for MEPs, fellow my to stated, already have I as also, Commission, but the to indebted am I
The and democracy with do to has today. It earlier had we which debate with the to do has reason fundamental accountability.
resolved. been 80% have these of and SOLVIT, EU's with the registered been have cases Around 800
copyright-holders. the is with made agreement special a people, unless ordinary meaning users, library by screen computer a on viewed not be may data electronic Directive, the Copyright Under
violence. and extremism with up bound consciously being is adjustment policy firm a and for mass-immigration further against discourse political a legitimate time, umpteenth the for because, but - true is reverse the me - concerns term feel the that I because not This is
It its to give wishes to it form what decide to group interinstitutional working the to up is conclusions.
development goals. the of enshrining this time, first the for and, law international of development new this triggered way in a has intervention That
electronic from waste. earths rare of extraction of form economical more easier and an at particular, in aimed, research, technological in more invest resources urgently must Union European the respect, In this
required. is CAP the funding for long-term that adequate means This
What and peace of region a of expansion the important is is stability.
not happen. did this but Berlin in introduced been have should Corrective mechanisms
It feed animal the on and business our we do how farming and on impact its in century of the story was industry.
one another. with discuss this to able be shall We
but vanished. all have they that might say we Indeed,
aim. achieve our to are we if levels all at work the continue with we must however, that means, It
men. as terms same labour the on market join the women to which encourage States, Member the Commission and European the through both measures, political take therefore must we and men, for those higher much than still are women for figures unemployment but risen has employment Women's
. opinions with different groups other have actually does Parliament this listening, those of benefit the For
equality. gender of principle by the governed be must policies Union's that the all states which Union, European of the Functioning on the Treaty the of Article 8 in treaty; that of 3 in Article law; primary time in for first the women and men between equality of principle the mentions which Union, European on Treaty the of 2 Article in so done It has
The being from zone euro the in policy monetary must prevent we and pressure political no be should there affected, not be may independence ECB's politicised.
before. times many seen have we as prevail, always will female, or male this be quality, businesses, healthy free of market a In
century? 21st the in the world in colonies having States Member EU of approve you Do here today: answer to you challenge I Madam Commissioner,
nine months. last the in +1 to +4 from points three by fallen index optimism has the employment indicators, performance other key at looks one if Also,
missing. gone has which money to recover and a priority, make prevention to abuse, against EU the of the interests protecting better contribution to constructive make a to are OLAF creating in aims that our think I conclusion, In
better alternatives. are they arguing that course of be will entrants new and record their of the basis themselves on justify to seeking be doubt no will re-election seek who Those
Under big of benefit the for incomes grass-roots on another burden is it policy; anti-grass of roots relaxing a is it however, circumstances, no business.
therapies. non-conventional so-called to turn many people disorders, health long-term or chronic illnesses from suffering are when they Especially
matters. on employment say more have to Parliament for need the it is reports, from the retain can I that one thing there is if However,
million. 32 EUR being 2003 for share the 2003-2006, for instrument the flexibility were included in measures these that remembered be should It
Refugees. Commissioner for High Nations United the office of the in officer liaison a has now Frontex you that tell to I have
society. and knowledge-driven innovative that delivering to the be key will that training skills and have - not yet do still we which - market single genuine a having actually of process the is Another
transport. and intermodal rail of favour in transport road discouraging aim of the with introduced being is tax a emissions, reducing CO2 of pretext the Under
guaranteed. be means any by cannot safety their which in war, at still is that country a to back sent been have here, thus protection asylum and seek could they that thinking Europe, to come to war order in at country a left who men, Those
invitation. at your in Brussels gathering be will Europe in authorities local 300 of representatives Commissioner, 10 February, On
mechanisms. and structures and action militarised military to of crisis event the in of solidarity policy or policy its foreign link not should Union European The
I vote on will we which on amendment an is there but this, implementing in succeeded not have we far so that extremely regrettable it find Thursday.
report. writing the himself in conducted has he way professional the welcome I but recitals, in its is for asking report this power-grab that massive the and indeed areas, some in him with disagree fundamentally do I report. writing this about gone has he way the for Belet Mr thank like to would Mr I President,
rule. 16-week the abolish to tabled amendments too I
Cinderella treatment! her the to give not and Bulgaria for conditions fair create to important so is it is why This
political platform. an important also are but economic integration and trade to importance of great only not are agreements association these that then, We believe,
cuts. proposed with these down going are road we the exactly be to that seems - others equal than more being some people equal, but everyone being road of the down go to want not do we that said Commissioner The
Relaxing and account taken properly into be all will specialists by proposed requirements technical that the ensure to being aim the to supervision, subject as being well as project, IMPASSE the of outcome the with comply, accordance in to have will facilities closed which aquaculture with rules the of definition a strict by balanced be must aquaculture in species alien for procedure introduction the observed.
2.
None their social dialogue against the of out kept be can life social and economic in actors the of will.
When duplicity this will end?
protection. form of subsidiary a under or a as refugee admitted been has who someone include would This
149) (Rule statements Written
March. next held be to are which elections parliamentary in the candidate a as stand to able be and unconditionally released be He should
forestry. into element environmental stronger a introduce strategy will The forestry
too. commitments own its establishing to lead would which its own of decisions any take to able been not has Union the that the next, to day from one embarrassing more ever gets it and remains, fact time the same at But the
year. this of end the by solution two-state a achieve to effort the of part as ago months six Conference Annapolis the to parties all by statement joint a in proclaimed publicly were that objectives of the practical implementation assessed the visit, delegation the its During
Freedom all are we which for citizenship EU of pillar a and basic right a movement is of striving.
importance. fundamental objectives of are group minority a of or membership age beliefs, religion, origin, ethnic on discrimination based all of combating and the women, men for treatment equal of guarantee the women, pregnant of the protection that agree all affiliation, can we our party of independently overtones and ideological any without that view my It is
question. very brief a have I
so. do to them for physically impossible is where it save the target, meet to required to be States Member want I
emissions. in cut huge a represent also would and energy, oil less of equivalent) tonnes Mtoe (million about 400 representing inefficiency, to due energy its of 20% more than wastes Union The European - writing. in
vote of Explanations
too? abattoirs, the developments in of these cause the seeking be perhaps we should or 50 km, at set correctly limit the Is
target. a been have all we which of releases, press and cards letters, flood of a in about, wondering help I cannot which expenditure resources, of at enormous bombarded been have we with which slogan a , life' on patents 'No slogan the concerns observation second My
re-paint. necessary to is which it with frequency the reduce as environment, these the benefit actually would substances aggressive use of the view, their In
possible. as soon as appointed should be coordinator anti-terrorism EU new a down, stepped Vries de Mr After
My European the as much as almost million, 7 spends ECU and alone Dolomites - the and Garda Lake can offer we enough, true - inhabitants 000 has 450 region Union.
poverty. of brink the lives on EU children the in five one in that fact the nor the moment, at EU the in unemployed people 20 million the cannot forget We
It Commission the to improvements significant make to attempts Affairs and Social Employment on the Committee by report that the constructive is text.
revision. a propose necessary and where coherent directives are consultation and information all that sure make and this legislation implement to fail that States Member against procedures infringement start to the Commission on also calls It
further delay. any without do so to – Poland and Finland Estonia, Latvia, namely, – so done yet not which have 1 May enlargement on after remaining States Member four EU the upon call and Treaty to this or acceded ratified have which States 141 the congratulate I
men. than children have to sacrifice more to have should women society our that in failing a structural is It
was? outcome what the and quotas transferring possibility of the on out carried has it studies what Commission say Can the
own countries? their in diseases these fight people help willing to and prepared Are we
Delek'. Tenzin lama Buddhist the on sentence death the setting of immediate aside the for calls and crimes political alleged for January 26 Dhondup on Lobsang Tibetan the of execution the strongest terms the in 'condemns
years. previous in recession the against States implemented Member the which intervention of cyclical kinds the being consistent of with and stabilisation of interests the agenda in the on remain will consolidation fiscal years, coming the in that, is inevitable It
matters again. fisheries in interest an taking see her to nice it is and this Parliament of Agriculture on Committee the on was Commissioner the since a time long seems It
countries. immigrants’ new the languages of the in teaching of teaching and mother-tongue of organisation both the to and immigrants of integration the to applies This particularly
recommendations. valuable formulates hand, and at situation the objectively reflects text The
The in support minority have to appears now which and solves, it than problems more raises which future, the of concept ultra-federalist an today, corresponds to House the to presented which was report, Oostlander Europe.
Union. European the in jobs extension, by and, maintain production going to we are way only the is This
programme. health the of is and part priorities top Commission's the of one remains cancer that clarify to like should I cancer, issue of the On
crisis. on the views express its Parliament European the that imperative is It
time. first the for education in adult partners equal as associations includes programme parents' Grundtvig new The
that Treaty. under obligations undertake their nations all that ensure should We
information lacking. concrete the find I that here It is
offences. serious to relation in States Member between extradition arrangements for framework good very a provides extradition to relating convention new EU the supplemented as by Convention European 1957 the that satisfied am I
occupation. the under and circumstances under these possible this as is insofar life, normal its lives eruption the affected by not was that city of the section The
transfer. data electronic of aid the with Europe throughout introduced being charging systems uniform and of diesel on taxes of that, by what is meant discover precisely quite never we cost, although social marginal of talk is There
trade. world in following changes been redundant made have employees who for jobs new find to helping at aimed assistance extra businesses, but for of aid form new a not is This
story. life modest in my honour an is and that signed had he that decoration a me awarded he negotiations, these end of At the him. stage, by first the Chilean during initiated, were that negotiations in participate to modest way own my in even person, and in Allende, Salvador Chile, of President constitutional the meeting honour of the had I President, Mr
concern. legitimate a was security food where post-war Europe in a live longer We no
services. social basic and food medical assistance, housing, have lost have everything who the people that guarantee to order in least at possible, as assistance much as to provide institutions European the for duty of a matter essential and it is that I believe Therefore,
SMEs. the to vitally is important that and fund this of benefits enjoy the to able be will they months, nine next the within made redundant are people of thousands if Secondly,
them. can interpret Presidency Irish the that and possible, as soon proposals as makes it and hope that I responsibility, its and Commission the of work the respect must We
justice? and for freedom up standing and rights human fundamental defending convictions, their for to hounded be continue dissidents longer must much How
points. these on proposals practical forward putting be soon will We
amendment the of scope the determining and the procedure, of application the governing conditions new down laying use, to easier therefore understandable and more readily provision the rendering indispensable, proves be to 51 Rule to The procedure.
other blood. importing by shortfalls those for up making against nothing absolutely is there patients, haemophilia instance, for for needed, are that arise products of certain shortages Should
biodiversity. protecting of terms in enormous importance of are reefs, which coral deep-water protect order to in Islands, the Canary in as well as Madeira, and Azores the of the waters in trawling bottom of the use ban to is proposal The
been made. has progress little that agreement general been in fact in House has the report, Spencer's Mr reference to with President, Mr
directive. full competition the in and directive interconnection in the is that - regulated be must the financing how and - Read Mrs by report telephony voice the ONP is in that - is sector telecommunications for the service universal the of content the what defined have we directives telecommunications various In
Scotland. and Ireland of west Galicia, the like areas for particularly regions, peripheral in tourist attraction tremendous a be can cheap seafood fresh, a of supply that believe I
8.
But and life of matter a also it is sometimes death.
This human and human rights for respect of the principle on based Union European a in place any have must not and cannot trade slave the of form modern dignity.
laws. national and Community rules both against offences combat and prevent to required authorities are The customs
applied. are methods management sustainable which to from forests come which products timber-based timber and including services, goods and sustainable for demand the and growth stimulate to is policy this aim of The
area. this in framework completed legal and have updated an we when only achieved will be this that see we can but responsibility of social code corporate a see to want We
- Syria. Mufti of Grand
States? United the freely in circulating now are who hijackers Cuban the to Cuba to extradite failure the and leaders, Cuban other and Castro Fidel assassinate to plans uncovered because they United States the held in being Cubans the about Union European of the silence the justify does he How
Agreement. Association EU-Mercosur the on negotiations concluding to commitment the demonstrates unequivocally Brazil with Summit issued the following statement joint The
question. this on concentrating namely you made, mistake same the making be will I otherwise this further, to pursue not want do I But
Mexico. Union and European the between and Brazil, and Union European the between partnership strategic the respectively, on, reports excellent their for Sánchez-Neyra, Salafranca Mr and Mrs rapporteurs, Koppa the particular to in thank all first of me Members, allow friends, Honourable (FR) - Commission. the Member of
Forests to deserve habitats these colonise naturally that species the and wildlife, hosting for capacity substantial a have exist.
These coming the over tackle to need Union European the of institutions the problem which major a constitute East Middle conflict, the overshadow which summer, this events of months.
The and information specific provide failed to have institutions plans.
same issues. the which involve of all of retirement, age to the hours working and to system, the pensions to changes for called he when ageing, on Assembly UN Second the of opening the at Aznar, Prime Minister Council, the of President-in-Office the current by statements in the find and unacceptable, we which 2010, by years five retirement by of age the increase to Council European Barcelona the of decision recent the in suggested as elderly, the of living standards the on effect a negative should have Stability Pact the with for compliance pressures and spending public concerns about that is unacceptable It
work. the Council's to regard with works the in spanner a throw would report for this support made, already Council has the that progress positive the of in view Furthermore,
promised. as been had havens, tax with do away to and flight, capital evasion and tax against initiatives new introduce to taken be decision must The
us. facing difficulties the to according and live we which context in the within balanced be will everything stress, I must but, more ambitious bit be a to need the of course also and certainly doubts some some hesitations, be will there course Of
area. such one is Research objectives. individual on focusing of us incapable render this would since diktat, absolute submitted to is everything which in policy a against guarding time same the at while policies, our must that coordinate we however, means, also This
one. positive a is bureaucracy, administrative in reduction producing a thus accounting, annual of burden micro-entities the exempt from to proposal Lehne's Mr think that I
insurance. and charges extra result a of as price over-inflated an at but one ticket cheap a not and wanted you actually than insurance with more far up end and you backtracks all it event, that In
report. rapporteur's the I welcome President, Mr
The first the in offered the beyond possibilities go which mechanisms coordination require policy defence the of demands and transport policy the of needs the balancing that demonstrated have Council the in discussions pillar.
avoid labelling. to animal tests just of do to lots allowed be not you must that threshold, certain a under in come to order in classification of purposes for the mixture solely chemical a manipulate not must you that state refers Booth Mr which to texts The
death. and life of matter a is this that it said be can because Presidency, Spanish for the priority a is transplantation donation and of organ question the that pleased am I (PL)
I 10 in 20% by consumption reducing energy objective of its climate achieve to EU the whole of the bills and energy their reduce to consumers help will which legislation, new this welcome years.
timetable. the and objectives the relationship between clear a establish must we said, often been has done, as be things to of list another creating to addition in credible, Council European the of meeting make the to order Therefore, in
there. events bloody the following territory this of assumed administration forces international when time the to eight years, back which go of problem, complex this causes the of rational assessment a of basis the on act always must we given situation, the In
unknown people. of case the in identity, certainly someone’s establishing about careful be very we should that view the take I
concerned. areas growth the in and jobs creating for used be should also but houses, renovating for be used only not should It
Parliament. in trust of lack a as extent certain a to this view I
March. 31 on on working are we proposals adopt the will College the that hope I
Mrs that. answer an would like also we and put well very was question s Hautala' to
All European draft entire the from deleted be have to and would militarisation privatisation liberalisation, economic for pushing passages Constitution.
programme. detention secret the CIA ended he Firstly,
granted. be aid to medical and legal for call a with along arrest, under persons those of demanded release the and condemned, was March, on 11 Harare in place took which Meeting', 'Prayers peaceful the of criminalisation the March, 14 and on 12 statements two In
our citizens. of problems real the to answer an provide long last, at and, quiet and peace of the politics abandon to a fuss, up kick to is necessary Sometimes it
Thanks the in reflected now is as matters, number of wide a agreement on which reached we with countries, developing the with cooperation effective and negotiations for climate constructive a to create managed EU the input, this declaration. to
it. of all with agree cannot I interesting, although Cotonou of dimension trade the approach towards s report' the find I
openness. support and transparency not do people citizens, our reconnect to to trying are we when that, staggering it find I
accordingly. revoked or modified be will consent the and forwarded be will unforeseen previously were risks that any of existence the which indicates information new any that ensure 16 which and 11, 6 in Articles particular directive, the of provisions by safety the further reassured is Commission The
minimum reserves. on their interest of rates market paid be not should banks The
important. is policy trade in order A new
Only knowledge-based the in of confidence levels high acquire can decision-making of table top at the those society.
emphasis. greater given be needs to policy, employment also therefore and policy, economic of terms in responsibility greater to assume Central Bank with cooperate the we can how of issue the However,
This Kosovo's question of the regarding problems serious and foremost, and, first further Union the enlarge to opportunities both it with brings independence.
in 2008. March began Moldova of Republic the with Negotiations
parliaments. national the by transposed not is which a regulation through the future, fields in other the all to extend this to law to case use transport and of field the within competition introduce to and management of method a to withdraw seek to legitimate less is infinitely it that I feel
forwards. move and mind of frames our alter opportunity this to take should We
heard. just have we as difficult, extremely is Albania in gentlemen, situation the and ladies Madam President,
party. ruling single the by crushed immediately are country in this dialogue a political about bring to efforts All
are. policy this behind intentions the serious how just is 2003, and now seen, between to be All remains that
open. door the with were smoking me booth behind in the people the session, plenary last night's during work at harassment on speech make a to about was As I
substance. Summit this to give desire our fulfilling to relation in Commission European the from assistance invaluable had has Council of the Presidency the that publicly state to like would I
Cypriots. the and the Maltese peoples: island Mediterranean two famous include the countries candidate the but Europe, and Eastern Central countries from mainly covers that true is It
made. be must progress and ice thin on skating We are left. days few a only have we and unresolved still points that are many note Indeed, I
Mr s afternoon' this of subject on the speak to should like I gentlemen, and ladies President, agenda.
Council. the within and Parliament within both viewpoints reconcile the various to tries job, good very a done has Prets, rapporteur, Mrs which our on proposal, new The
themselves. for precedent this claim and revolt to going Pacific, are the from wines the all of and wine, California and Australian Chilean, of producers the course, of WTO, at the and, Africa with agreement South the for before done been already had This
These this in negative tendencies the limit we can efforts combined through only and us, of all for a challenge but region, this of just trademark a are not area.
promised results. the not giving are ago few years a provided the that recipes shows which here, mentioned has been as problems, serious facing is industry repair and ship shipbuilding s Union' European the President, Mr
rights. passengers' of protection better and greater to lead will that of it aspects all and improve this field legislation in current of review and appropriate thorough a undertake must we this, achieve order to in but this, to achieve is department making her that efforts the for the Commissioner thank must I
market economies. free course of and rights human law, democracy, of rule for respect the values: and principles same the on founded both are States United the and Union European the essence, In
None fraud of seriousness the in boost confidence to anything does this of control.
jobs? new create will Europe the how Commission ask to like would I Therefore,
them. debate and to particular in report Ghilardotti the at to look chance a had not have Some Groups
principle. in proposals 2000 Agenda the supports therefore group My
yet! weeks more a few for be back well may they entirely sure: not are We
However, this amend or debate to time any Parliament and Council the denying effectively for asking urgency, is it now effective and suggestions any with forward come to November until taken Commission the has that disappointed are extremely others many and I proposal.
We fellow over his power great such have to man allow cannot man.
Mr the from I abstained that part, states second 1, Paragraph report, Olsson the on vote s to yesterday' regard with President, vote.
originates; influenza which avian countries in the in taken to be action screening and preventative enable to order in ones, particular Asian countries, in third for support technical and cooperation involving taken be also should Measures
territories. European countries' those to relates only agreement this which for the Netherlands, and France to respect with restriction territorial a and this agreement, by bound not which are Ireland, of Republic the and Kingdom United are the exceptions The
requests. these both to relation in quo status maintain the to intended 9 are and 8 7, 4, Nos Amendments
region. the in instability dangerous a of threshold the on also it is but country, threshold a is India say I dare
On cultural and their independence lost both conference, Yalta the after Curtain Iron the of side other the on themselves found which countries, candidate These injustice. old an right put to also want we hand, the other identity.
The excessive. year is a twice quality the check should Commission the that proposal rather
November. this US the by hosted being meeting and substantive a serious of prospects the about optimistic cautiously least at am I is, this difficult how that, knowing say I must
reform. RELEX the applies to same The
Services. Parliament's Amendments to on the opinions Commission of list the pass on shall I Members, honourable President, Mr
disease. the combat to plan action joint a adopt financial and support on dialogue political joint find disease, terrible this combat to measures joint establishing of aim the with action swift and concrete must Member take States Union European the and European Commission the tuberculosis, causing factors these overcome to order In
basis. a multilateral on respected are which institutions unilaterally to matters such dictate to able is country member that one cannot be It
challenges. 2008 the to solutions of search in cooperation with increasingly but also competition, political and economic with only not concerned is world multipolar the picture: different completely with a faced we are In present
initiated. be should direction humanitarian a in more change that a signal sharp a send to is right that it consider and criticism the of majority the agrees with Folkpartiet
town. this inhabitants of the effect on serious very a have would which close, to having Campoo, from de Aguilar as small so town a in factory, this prevent to every given be facility shall interested, who clearly are that investors of groups various are there trademark, the without or case, with any In
are to prosper, neighbours its help efficiently to it will encourage and itself, around Wall Chinese a erecting or walls from building Union European the prevent help will instrument this that believe I and neighbourhood, good in a interested We instead.
last. at possibility a again once is employment full all, After
disappointing. extremely is procedure on debate this in affairs of state present the However,
stations. power nuclear close the to order in countries these by borne burden economic the with consistent EU is the by provided Funding
Threats become to hotels and force ads such refuse to newspapers force can consumers boycotts by of porn-free.
process. association the stabilisation and of part as 2000 year the assistance technical since and financial and concessions trade has enjoyed country that concerned, is Serbia-Montenegro as far so Now
event What this notice of advance no group, had my of chairman I, the that plenary the tell will I so Thursday, last of Presidents Conference the in said he what up follow energetically intend to I that Rømer, Mr Secretary-General, the to tell like would also I and staged, and prepared was which this in the way is however, accept, to willing not am I whatever.
of Deputies. House the Parliament, Czech the of chamber lower by the expressed been already has particular will This
them. with engage to continue will Presidency Portuguese the stimulating, and and both difficult are us ahead challenges of The
Germany. i.e. country, EU most important the interests of the to counter ran it as interest, any attract not did proposal time this that at Unfortunately,
for. in voting difficulty no have and endorse I that document is a Defence Policy and Security Common Rights, Human Affairs, Foreign on Committee by supplemented the and amended was draft rapporteur the after our by presented draft recommendation the Commissioner, President, Mr    –
process. democratic the in role effective an parties take on political until European democracy international genuine no be can there since heart, at its democracy lies European of fate the because significance of great outcome an is This
desire. our and intention be our would That
Parliament. European the in under here discussion currently is moreover subject which a drugs, combating of the subject upon, touched only often you frank, be to which, subjects other the of some gone into deeper and to developed have you liked have would I Council, of the President Mr In particular,
one other. to greatly opposed were up taken positions the start, the At
Roma inclusion. on strategy EU of follow-up a annually present should Commission the that idea the support strongly I
at. aiming actually are we what on Budgets on Committee the in in-depth discussion more be think to needs there do report, I your for grateful very being Whilst
justice. and freedom, security of area the for moment crucial at a arrived We have
technology. high-risk dinosaur this of the development into flow resources to budgetary and funding research EU more even the with future, of technology the as depicted energy is nuclear sense, common of face the Flying in
Europe. to get to is it dangerous how Africa in people living explain to provided to be to are example, funds For
powers. European certain of policies old colonial the of reminiscent little a be to beginning is and gas precious metals oil, African interest in President, China's Madam (PL)
Romania. Bulgaria and with borders internal checks at of abolition the towards step a first therefore is decision of this Approval
Latvia. and Spain in 20% reached has it Union, and European the in rate unemployment 10% have a we However,
For production sustainable promote to and production energy of our sources diversify important to is it believe I environmental reasons, methods.
future. the strengthen in will gradually sovereignty that European sure am I time, same the At
want. authorises to authority me the budgetary than even less far want which governments, our have we again, unfortunately and, authority, budgetary a restrictive have we Unfortunately,
court. EU an is not that justice of court a of findings these on opinions differing very are actually there that seen have We
Europe. of construction current the of democratic deficit famous the increase to serve only would and to ridicule up Parliament European the authority of the would hold undemocratic totally procedure This
fund. the to transferred be it preceding 2 minus N for year appropriations unused commitment the would then only Fund and Adjustment Globalisation the European be to transferred would debate under budget the preceding 1 N year minus for margins unused the first procedure: following to the according money the use to wanted Council the N, year for drafted is the budget If
this? is Why
in advance. forces security State the by intercepted been not had unfortunately who know and we hooligans whom appeared, the minute last the at except demonstration, of type this with case the usually is as peacefully, demonstrated citizens who of thousands of hundreds were There
committees. its plenary and the both Parliament, with European the with relationship and constructive open frank, a maintain to tried has always Presidency Portuguese The
Kingdom. United the in epidemic foot-and-mouth the learning from still We are
facilitate spending. Administration to the to easily available more money this make will they because voted 199 of remarks having in the importance deal of great a is there President, Madam
funds. the manage to the regions Commission and the both easier for it make certainly will which three, cut to be will objectives present seven The
at work. currently those security for job of improvement the and work without those opportunities for of employment the provision both employment, is concern widespread most of issue The
met. be must obligations these and benefits these with associated obligations also have enjoy, we that we well-being the and wealth the with world, the in position rightful assume our want to genuinely we if that continent, our of citizens also the by but Parliament only by not conclusion, the to leads Convention the in recent months in place taken has the debate that that I hope
Council. the of decision the supports group GUE/NGL the notwithstanding, reservations aforementioned The
reiterate this. to want therefore I
term. long the terrorism combat in and regions these of stability the increase to effectively work we can convinced, that are we way, only the fact in This is
autumn. the in package of enlargement our as part Kosovo on study our issue will We
the Community. of part every in ship passenger use a they when safety to right same the tourists have and people because Community, the part of every in apply must these then necessary, are standards safety minimum that we believe if for Union, part the of any in provisions transitional these apply to States not Member the call on to agree House this will we in and you hope I
unnecessary. this is that earlier, explained I the reasons for believe, I
matter. this to committed are very you that I know but long time, a quite for talked have I Members, President, honourable Madam
parts. remote other and in Strathspey of glens the in and islands the in Scotland: of parts peripheral the in is concentrated export for whisky, malt of production, particularly that aware well be will Liikanen Commissioner
fire. against protection and contamination atmospheric of prevention of role dual their in programmes protection forest two the extend to Commission the from proposal Party, this for European the People's group, my of the support express want to I all of Mr first President,
hundred years. past for the rates lowest the have we Europe In
directive. this welcome to and rapporteur the thank to like would I Democrats, Party/European s People' European the of Group the of behalf President, on Mr
respect. this in most standards basic the from away further and further moving or reaction, without any way some in it, from away further and further fact in moving are we which to extent imagine the can therefore You
develop. to opportunities financial markets the offers which legislation like would he why is This

effective intervention. and swift for immediate need the and East Middle the in development tragic the attention your to bring like to would I gentlemen, and ladies Mr President, (EL)
in environmental and pesticides of use the management, waste to legislation relating other in way fragmentary in a contained are that policy protection of soil area the in solutions legal consolidates directive framework proposed The - (PL) writing. protection.
many. witnessed not have I possible but always are miracles effect: into put no budget with a seen policy never have but I funds, those use to not or to how then discuss can we funding: adequate without policies have to possible it never believed have I
reservations. have where we 66, Amendment particularly on elements, are some there and package a compromise is this that accept We
Corrie. Mr and Patten Mr speakers, previous with the concur gladly I Madam President,
evaluated? being not adequately is state crisis, debt problem, the main our because guaranteed is banks the of survival long-term that the feeling a to rise give again not yet this will Thirdly,
proposal. compromise this with come to up hard worked has Zingaretti Mr and unacceptable, culturally and socially economically, which is counterfeiting, on down clamp successfully and progress to want make President, all we Mr (FR)
loss. biodiversity and change between climate connection the made have not many change, climate problem of of the extent the of understanding some least have at now of us most Whilst
We explained the clearly have we and hopes new the about all know we but challenges, the know about all we and is difficult it how know situation.
Assembly. Parliamentary Euro-Mediterranean the on Commission's proposal the welcome to like should In I conclusion,
fiasco. a ended in both have Treaty Lisbon the and Lisbon Strategy The
need. a as employers helping perceives report the of author The
murdered. been have or without trace disappeared have they but Belarus, of freedom the fighters are for heroes, people These
A do to a position in not is country small this.
respond. we must which to new challenges pose inevitable, probably is which migration, in rise the and workers among mobility of forms diverse The
proposals. it makes and - stocktake a it is - applied Regulation being is the which in way the describes report The
appropriate. be may action dimension, EU-level international such an have children of exploitation sexual the and trafficking people as such issues since However,
points. three make to briefly should like I
The raison its undermine agreements bilateral destructive line, as on the is existence very Court's Criminal International d'être.
I working Council the particular of in thinking am groups.
schemes. communication Commission's the all entirety, their in to support, was able it that is presidency Italian the of achievements the least of the Not
of disasters. victims fortunate less the help and go to occasions these willing on most who are those among representing, are of pleasure the honour and have the I whom Pensioners,
States. United the with had Korea which over rice discussion the have will not we time, the same At
fail. negotiations diplomatic if sanctions impose to and likewise to do the and Council Commission on the call urgently now We
urgency. matter of a rights as human for respect ensure and democracy restore to essential it makes country the in dramatic situation the because on Burma resolution a for motion joint the for voted (PT) I - writing. in
in Europe. happen to allowed be should not this like Things
changed. be can it unwise, been have deem to may majority the decision that a taken has If Parliament
law. of rule the state under a by required criteria the meet not does the judgment that clear therefore is It
reservations. our declare must we that extent, To
absence. Council's the given easy been not has job my President, Mr
These institutional European in change the radical a represent and essential are Parliament European the of powers new procedure.
developed. being also reconstruction is plan environmental regional A special Europe. south-eastern for stability pact the within place take will actions Future
important. incredibly is internal market The
them. at directed also was ‘no’ the part of that understand to have because they ‘yes’, hearty a say will countries new that the hope I all, Above
final outcome. in the balances upset it will nor unravel anything, not will that something is This
Thus, the from million 115 EUR deducts it precisely, more or, 115 million, of EUR amount total a concerns and B1­408 B1­4070, B1­4050, B1­406, B1­404, B1­4030, B1­402, B1­401, B1­400, lines concerns amendment the compromise margin.
registers. land existing the of basis the on paid be to subsidies would like Commission the Finally,
subsidies. export and reducing Union the within support reducing our by access increase market to agreed We
these areas. in differentiation a further with deals which 55, No Amendment endorses group also My
142) (Rule statements Written
thanks. our particular deserve who House, the of services the for work all extra meant has which usual, than longer day a has been It
any effect. have can mechanisms and protection control that way only the is That
problems. to major lead will it issue this solve not we do if that convinced firmly am I because controversial, but be to wish I because not this say I and personally, to you comment this address to like would I
now facing. is economy European which the the recession resolving economic for issue key a be to regulations, European of revision with the along standards, other and social environmental, to improvements of rate extent and the on the discussion consider I (CS) -
environment. operational in changes the monitor continuously also and implementation we monitor that important very obviously is decision-making it as well as President, Madam Council. (FI) the of President-in-Office
happened. already has This change
Ministers. of the Council of presidency the of operation future the concerns decided be to still issue second institutional A
policy. energy and climate closely interlinking in succeeded have we fact that the decisions in lies the of strength The
fruit. bear started to has Agenda Lisbon The
Council. European the by adopted is Programme Stockholm the before final moments in these not least to us, important very is opinion Parliament's Obviously,
It non-governmental with consultation for mechanism up set a to desirable be also would organisations.
policy. energy European of key objectives two obeys and to corresponds which effort an is This
agricultural subsidies. of payment the for necessary conditions the of creation the particular for in true is That
Much international coordinated by forward driven been progress has that clear made have we but be done, to remains commitments.
legislation. of European gravitas the reinforce us to enable will This
look sport, including of area the in future in with you closely cooperating to and debates more to forward I football.
ambition. of lack a because Commission: of Barroso II the for vote not did Greens we reason that the same for Parliament voting in for today submitted RC7-0151/2010 resolution a for motion to 'no' voted I writing. - in
children. older for destined cover toys scope to the extend would which amendments the to accept Commission able the is Nor
legislative ones. them two of debated, be to on energy reports six with this week, agenda the on place a prominent has policy energy Union's The
approach. on this debate the during States Member by made observations the consideration into to take Commission Council the asked The
bureaucracy. proliferating pathologically of Europe’s expression or benchmark the is because it machinery, bureaucratic Europe’s is jamming which regulation, this must reform We
work. his in Ombudsman the support to and failing its work, in Committee the Petitions support to work, failing their doing of journalists independence the defend to failing be will we amendment, PPE-DE the for voting By
point. the to brief and be shall I but Rule 7(4)(2), to me, permit you if then, and instance, the first in 6, Rule to pursuant speak to like would President, I Madam
regard. this in equipped better much better, to be needs moreover, European Parliament, which, the of involvement the particularly regards as states, report the as streamlined, and be to strengthened need it does although coordination, open of method the be to appear would implementation instrument appropriate most the competitiveness, in factor essential an is that and growth to secondary than rather central are environment the of and conditions social of quality that approach the adopt genuinely If we
them. opinion on give detailed a also must Parliament and tabled now have been done be should this how to as proposals s Commission' the of Some
citizens. European majority of vast the biosphere for a to akin something is urban environment The
right) the from (Applause
Israel. Minister of Prime the to people closest the person, of one important and significant a weight, of person a but it, saying is who person just any not is it And
As with relations s Union' European the of question the with again deal once will Helsinki in Council the European mentioned, been already has Turkey.
In budget. the of framework within the financed are issues pillar second that the important is it Amsterdam Treaty of the of context the European
place. takes merger a which in country the of regardless transparency be there should and treatment, equal and balance a need ensure to we sectors certain In
Union. a such not tolerate would citizens the that assure you can I
The auctions actual the for bids of but receiving the competitions and of management the for just not systems electronic adopting made, proposals the from benefit will thus awarding bodies too.
transparent fashion. and predictable a in place take provided, they are subsidies such when ensure that instead must we so immediately, with away done be cannot subsidies state Unfortunately
forward. work the taken has Europol by support provided the that said be can it context which in solved, of number crimes the to proportion direct in Europol from stands derived The benefit
December? until off put be to need why it does So
paradoxical    a is year this of since 1 January with cope to had have we situation Mr President, the . one.
though? expert, Which
earthquake. the before it even already undermining was that dependency the from to emerge resources the Haiti give to we have Finally,
rights. citizens' of and life observance civil of economy, democratisation market a to lead will which reforms development, and economic political normal allow to fundamental reforms introduce must The government
than ever. heated are more area the in remaining still refugees of the numbers about arguments the Today,
inclusion. social of process the and employment process the process, economic the namely be about, talked to need processes three that believe I but discussed, are processes Two
crime. against fight the instrument in important more even an be SIS the to enable to thus aim is The
development. such a get can we that so is 22 No Amendment in proposing we change are The
amendment. the to accept unable feels therefore Commission The
year. next at look and examine continue to must Control Budgetary on Committee the that something is this that opinion of the are We
demand. stimulates market the onto crowding products of range in the consumer confidence Greater
I sum you when points these to reply will you Commissioner, that hope, up.
All of sets different 26 have we today, that, out point would I same, the regulations.
money'. enough not spending still are 'you agency said: advertising the and share market lose to company continued The
light. their true the in public by seen not least or at public, European the to unknown are status representative and powers whose prerogatives, Parliament European of credibility a the - credibility is our stake at is what predicament this in gentlemen, and Ladies
participation. public or balance social opportunities, equal of nothing solidarity, say proposals today's exceptions, two Apart from
appear. would cases few a that obvious quite it was Kingdom, the United from mainland Europe to were exported which material contaminated tonnages of the With
rights. human for struggle the support to action, its through to seek, EU the for as need the regards features certain positive contains though it even report, the support to unable are We
existence. principle's about this know not even do people that some notice my to come has It
counter-cleansing. and ethnic cleansing resulting with its a tragedy, into turning Bosnia, case of the in as risks, - prey world still is Yugoslav former the which to fibrillation the of consequence a Kosovo - in crisis the fellow Members, President, Madam
the gallery. in sitting are and Chamber, the here in are petition the of authors the some of that pleased also very am I
structures. fundamental and basic local, the in course, of citizen and, every and each of behaviour individual the lies in prevention epidemics and to to key the forget that we Sometimes
environment. the may affect which aspects the regulate we if even such, as treated must be and goods not, represents or it like we And whether waste,
years. 10 last the over Africa in place taken has that harvesting the of 60% is illegal, as production is timber industrial world of cent thirty per to Twenty
satisfactory. not are made so far choices and the approach the because future, near the in face to will have we subject political a is This
legal immigration. of endorsement public's gain the to way only the is That
blow. to decides wind the when frontiers no knows it course, Of
We new up calling without this aid year provide to want we if even States, Member the by financed to have be will obviously fund the because here, the Council with agreement an to come to need funds.
transmitters. broadcasting as fields, such produce to designed that is equipment of case the in different is The situation
I the of enlargement the after particularly strength, to strength from on go well, can so has begun which Dimension, Northern the that ensuring to in make have Members which the contributions hearing to forward certainly looking am Union.
public. general the serve would which morality, on healthy based mechanism, regulation multi-level transparent, a need We
employment. of level high a achieve to between States Member strategy coordinated a of construction the for basis important represents Amsterdam an of Treaty the in employment on section a of inclusion recent The
jobs. generate people generate jobs, Companies
(A4-0379/97) recommendation Sandbæk
all? at envisaged lanes fire are - Europe Southern of all other words, in - summer in always hot are which Union European the countries of those In
democracy. in lesson a given has Europe because us, has it taught lesson the of because the present for a revolution is It
India. and China USA, the to competition war the losing EU is The
guidelines. social the of points sticking the resolving in made progress great - the again once Presidency thank Swedish the to like I and would - not disregard must we Firstly,
ADFL. Congo-Zaire, the of Liberation the for Forces Democratic of Alliance the by controlled area in the law committed humanitarian international and human rights of violations of reports to receive continuing is presidency ' The quote: I this and afternoon, statement the following issued presidency the reports, the recent with connection In
negotiation. and dialogue cease-fire, promote a to - responsibility greater but - power legitimate has the President-elect, as therefore Vieira, Nino and June, on 4 ended mandate government's The
Board. Governing the to directly reporting committee, audit an establish should Undertaking Joint tasks, the of its complexity the and budget of its size the of in view that, the opinion of Parliament is
official information. and journeys for return need a is there Internet, the to thanks today, booking; of time the from and this, mobility, restricted with persons for provided be also must Furthermore, assistance
This for day black a is Europe.
absent. completely protection such is which in States Member are There
remote. very are institutions and its Europe if as feel EU the citizens the of Sometimes
to? listened being people the of voice Is the
alone. Britain in Great supervision system of working a to have not sufficient is it that and Europe throughout comparable be supervision level of the have demanded that who here those with agree I concerned, is supervision as far As
strategy. its communication of forefront matters the at these put to the Commission asked you Conclusions, the of 67 and 66 Points under Friday, on summit the at that, glad especially therefore am I
We social a have to sport want function.
this context. today in it discussing are we why understand not do I and dead, is Lisbon of Treaty the that means This
year. financial the 1996 for budget the implementation of the of respect in Commission the to a discharge grant to refuse you will a result as that and electorate your towards responsibilities political assume full your will you that trap, crude this fall not will into you that sure am I
way. similar a in OLAF actually has used Commission The
Our be somewhat may approach our but common, remains aim different.
political the pressure. up build to as so Moscow to voice one with speak and front united a present must EU the the future, In
We of time this at world the in efficient Europe and democratic a transparent, for dimension economic and commercial the between link of the and made already changes the account of take will which face' European a for with 'globalisation integrated proposal an we await Commissioner, this point, on and, trade governance global balanced and transparent more need crisis.
this year. reviewed was Steel and Coal Fund for Research years the five operating for after guidelines, Council's the to Pursuant
fisheries. as such ones exclusive as well as areas, of number in a competences shared has already region and this in role an important plays EU The
it. on him congratulate and I report thorough and good very a is report Reul's Mr gentlemen, ladies and Commissioner, Mr (FR) President,
report. own-initiative this for the reason precisely is That
ERTMS. the for rapporteur the I was
crime. organized against war the win to determination our citizens of convince European to way the not transparency is of and lack Intergovernmentalism
crisis. economic global by hard the hit social the groups of one people are young that is considered be to needs which factor important An
The the quite countries; developing in sector agricultural viable of a establishment the and development not weakening thus is contrary. EU
for them. compensation want we and been misled have people where of redress rights clear want We
come. have we far how to gauge position a in We are
relationships. and neighbourhood friendship of spirit the in reciprocated be will Greece of President re-elected the newly meet request his to hope we ambitions, and EU Macedonia's to momentum helped add to has Ivanov President
innovative this process. in role major a play will Eurobarometer the and Eurostat both that hope Finally, I
report. her valuable very for rapporteur the thank to like would I
regrettable. deeply it find and I oversight accident, no no was this that doubt have no I
obvious answer. the was committee contact A
That our to amendments two am tabling I why is resolution.
You the of beginning the at on this commented debate.
situations. these in all apply will case law and much, so you concerns that the contracting-out for cater can principle, it In
control. social of means as a women and young men executing is Iran
speakers. few a by noted been as has more mixed is the picture 4 category In
disruptions. endocrine cause of possible a be could environment the into way their make which substances gentlemen, chemical and ladies President, Mr
There this in ambiguity no is respect.
together! closer parliaments various the bringing of idea the to implement done been has nothing Hitherto,
Europe. in fringes political the on radicalisation increased for responsible are they that and nothing accomplished they that out will we find line down the years 15 long and time, very a such Europe for in majority the overwhelming in were Social Democrats The
countries. with third of information exchange to the and confidentiality, and protection exchange, data information automatic relating to those namely amendments, compromise also are There
The serve that the in institutions women more with change not will plutocracy the of power it.
companies. private of on boards representation female of quota 40% a impose to regulations use and least at 40%, to utilities public of members board female numbers of the to increase measures applying of example Norwegian the follow to ought Union that European the be made must point the feel we thus and instrument, necessary constitute a these male, and female us, of some For
customers. its by it in placed the trust justifying and flourishing be would not business insurance otherwise way; the proper a in work their do brokers and sales personnel all of majority absolute the that today be said to then, needs, It
public. general the accountable to to be servants civil for is essential it believe I
It and structures social adequate in lacking country a to return decide to spontaneously might country third a citizen of a Europe, in working and of studying years that, after to believe age and this day in idealistic fact rather in is systems.
with. along go prepared to not are we one and an absurdity, is a thing Such
dignity. of some kind with this House treat important to very is it because the Bureau, in it raise to Bureau, the member a of as you, ask to like should I
escape completely us. parties political European for statute draft the in envisages advantages she The
As this is Council the dangerous that extremely is it giant, economic an are we Union since European the better from little a expects something world the invisible.
happens. it possibility, until bad about that talk not us let However,
feeble. touch a is and ground the off got just has it that feel I - significantly, rather impression - the gives which campaign, the information by shown is as aim, this towards working in involved fully be seem to do not achieved: people the is momentum joint any that mean always not does this Union, European the joining of favour in be to claim still Slovenia in political movements the of majority Although vast the
security. for income opportunities new more given be future in must families farming that know all We
All serious a in proceeded with to be is project the out if sorted be to have things these way.
has done. he that tremendous work the on him congratulate would I budget, and Parliament's on Mr Fernandes by report the for am voting I
policy. space ambitious concerning an Europe from signal positive a out send and be must successful programme Galileo The
She her ignore cannot responsibilities.
of discussions. days extra few just a need we that Byrne by Mr told are we Now
value. environmental and economic creates both clearly most industry of that branch the probably is It
year. fires every such by affected are which the fringe, Mediterranean and States southern Member in particularly heritage, forest extensive and rich the EU’s preserve will that measures prevention fire forest fund the to need illustrates clearly This
opinion. an for was asked Parliament before view a reached Council the why ask to reasonable is It
Europe. for much have achieved will we that, manage If we
immigration. illegal problem of the Firstly,
Netherlands. the 25 for % and Great Britain % for 12 to rises but Italy, % in 7 and Germany for % 6 for France, % 5 only is mail domestic compared to as mail international of proportion The
European countries. different our in education general of future the of that fundamental, us to which seems concern a is as side, one left to completely is countries, our diverse in different very training, is which teacher of question crucial The
amendment. that support shall we is why That
you. thank Mr President, .   
energy. use and therefore on batteries work which successors, digital unlike their lifespan, unlimited have an barometers traditional these Moreover,
He the on and ground the on both networks paedophile of monitoring close the to arrange and tourism sex combat to Union, European the children within of exploitation sexual with the to deal Commission the measures from of series a promised Internet.
important. also is of procedures Transparency
matter. serious very a is President, this Mr
case. the is not this Sadly,
strengthened. be will problems, serious which have Bulgaria and Romania especially countries excluded, the behalf of on that programmes assumption on the acceptable only is place taking differentiation The
potential. promising showing also are cells adult stem Similarly,
migration. effectively manage to countries third with agreements signing of the involving policy aid development for need a the stress would I
tent. a in staying were they where home, their of immediate area the from been removed have only that, not and, their home from evicted completely been now have they that and vain hope a had they that regrettable It is
Essen. at approved was project the This across Pyrenees. volts 000 400 of line high-voltage a through grids electricity Spanish and French the of connection the consideration: under project to currently a House the of attention the draw like to should I context, this In
That of interest the in be not would consumers.
States. Member the and Community the throughout measures new need still We
report. first the of confirmation with the but again, be applied 52(3) Rule may where report, new a with not here dealing are so we position, reiterate its to had has the committee Commission, the with possible was agreement As no
Rules. the respect to have us of all and equal are MEPs all places, take our we Once
work. impressive feel, I an is, us before have that we report the Commissioners, honourable gentlemen, and President, ladies Madam
We strategic giant a face crisis.
concerned. citizens directly consultation the with in level roots grass at implemented not and agency an by advertising solely managed be to policy a for a mistake be would It
practitioners. non-qualified to blanche carte giving be simply would we contrary, the On
well-known pattern. and relatively a normal is this and unfortunately region the in violence of wave tremendous a followed has Roadmap the parties of different the acceptance by the President, Mr
(Applause)
situation. fiscal dire their on to them issued warnings the various ignore countries these when arise that scenarios and the levels, debt and deficit dangerous reaching from country a required to prevent main tools the as length at sanctions of use the discuss report Goulard and Feio Wortmann-Kool, The
A the of credibility the international enhance which would rights, human and democracy to commitment a demonstrate would presidential pardon Philippines.
Belarus. in people young to not accessible is education, in results good very through its Union European the promote and understanding intercultural spread to intended is which programme, Mundus Erasmus The (PL)
it. of favour in voted we why explain reasons the to would like I Group Socialist the for rapporteur the as Area, Research European the report on Guidoni's on Mr the debate of the cancellation of view In
organised. is reconstruction the how upon course depends Everything of
At in small supplying traders of problem the Firstly, juncture. this at crucial me to seem which aspects to three attention particular pay to Member States to the appealed I Liege advance.
We Member 15 current the of regions poorest the to flows the concerning problems statistical the solve and enlargement, finance policy, the maintain cohesion objectives, Lisbon the fulfil economy, the of competitiveness the increase to want States.
the day. order of is the management quality total where business in it used is as consumer the of definition a but struggle, class of theory the of spirit the in consumer interests of question a not is it opposites, political language of the use To
protection. animal welfare stronger for calling amendments also backed have I
law. to international contrary is Act the that is criticism Our main
game. kind of in that part take not shall We
welcome. is most which herbs, medicinal of traditional fast-tracking the for allows directive This
today. focusing on is debate what our is that since costs, talk about need to we then, background, this Against
consider necessary. we which results the positive achieve to failing still them are of many commitment, all this despite why, is That
with. to like deal should I that raised points specific of number a were but there time, more much have not do I gentlemen, and Ladies
B6-0324/2006). (O-0076/2006 Community the of accession the Conference following Hague the of work the in Parliament European the of involvement the on Commission the to Affairs, Legal the on Committee behalf of on Gargani, Giuseppe by question oral the -
Going and sensibilities s people' to according vary considerably which of assessments subject the you know, as are, research for human embryos of use the and origin embryonic of stem cells of use the problems concerning the that issue, beyond convictions.
Boden. Fernand Mr Council, the of President-in-Office the of here presence the note pleased to am today, I and committee, your before appeared has Cunningham, Mr Agriculture, for Minister British the Thus,
process. the whole suspending against be therefore would I
it. make of will Barroso, President particularly Commission, the and what is now question The
changed. has situation and the however, then, since happened has A lot
the industry. for money of huge amount a making people's egos, boost to things - cosmetics basically is This
diktat. imposed centrally a about not is this that explaining debate, in this fully participate to you ask like to would I
things. see too we how is that and precedent, create a to Parliament, to dupe is trying and ridiculous, it is that knows the Commission Even
necessary. be will that comprehensive monitoring the guarantee personnel to and sufficient capacity disposal sufficient our at have we whether to as are doubts There
course. of function, to able be must The market
will entail. Union the of future membership what with countries familiarising here of element important an is there and practices, administrative and Union's political the of example very instructive a organised is aid is the which in way The
in Wallonia. % against 19 % 12 of expenditure an has Flanders
amnesty infringed. are or limitation idem, in bis non of principle the where State Member another in down convictions handed of account take to not State Member of the obligation the retains adopted, but been had offences and convictions previous of account selective into taking for the proposal the original of provisions the if would exist uncertainty which and confusion the of free is proposal The
varying degrees. to able-bodied are who or ill are who people and children mothers, disadvantaged women, single people, elderly families, unemployed, the employment, precarious in people attention to paying particular exclusion, and social poverty combat to active measures more take must Union The European
Bunia. in particularly the DRC, in mission organising UN in the members own its of by some exploitation perpetrated and abuse sexual of cases at the look to team investigative special a up set has Peace-Keeping Operations of Department UN the that fact the welcome need but the also regret We
jobs. better jobs and more for needs long-term investment our power to financing patient long-term is a market financial the that ensure to responsibility, about accountability, talking am I
Europe. throughout been committed have torture and whether abuse ascertain to a duty have We
area. euro entire the throughout circulated and public the borne by will be losses privatised and be will Profits
the euro. join to about State any Member of the territory extended to to be able be should regulation this of scope the that believe as I recommendation this of favour in voted I
life. late in children having with also one is there cancer; breast and obesity between connection a is that there claims The Commissioner
converge. actions to the need we where is This
sector. railways the within operational so-called compatibility seeks the Commission when right direction the in step a is it reason, this For
European standards. with compliant fully is it that ensure and promptly law adopt a such to urged Turkey has Union The
shares. of multiple classes over particular countries in Scandinavian the of that Energy was and Research Trade, External Industry, on the Committee opinion of the in addressed which was concern of area third A
programmes. education health conduct and workers health train to programmes, nutrition monitor and support to control, water-quality strengthen to equipment, supply and drugs essential action to need urgent We
If the and of downs ups the with dealing for lack currently organisations the producers’ that instrument the become ‘box’ should this organised, properly market.
States. Member all in hosted are refugees that to ensure must work all, above but, operations, management logistics and identification the in support Italy should Europe different matter: a refugees are The Libyan
1962. to but 1992, back to go do not which Algeria, of misfortunes the in responsibility fairly high a They carry
different. completely been would have for example, Iraq, in situation the think I done that, Blair Minister had Prime and that, done we Had
multinationals. food the upset rather than chocolate, namely product, quality a been now, to up has, of what nature the change to aims which Council the position common from a have we here labels, authenticity and quality of talks which consumer and the to protect want to claims which Europe a In
Sudan. the parties in the on pressure maintain to resolution strong of a favour in Union is European The
terms. business in back three get we fishery this in Community a as invest we euro every For this fleet. favour of intervention in of Community profitability the of proof ample is There
risk. acute of the event in appropriately and immediately react can authorities competent the that so GMOs monitoring and identifying of chances the improve secondly, to and, is given GMOs of release for the authorisation out before be to carried risk assessment up the toughen to firstly aims proposal Commission's the environment, the and health field of the in principle precautionary with the line In
amendment. first the with problems some minor were there as colleagues, PPE-DE my for only is information this Mr President,   
It seriously opinion, my should, in Commission the aid that development in aspect important an out points consider.
technologies. new on health, and public and health animal between relationship the on legislation, existing of enforcement better on health, animal and welfare animal for centre on European a law, animal welfare a European general on must plan focus action next The
world. e-depositing an in thought fresh require from, money came his her or where ask to eye in the depositor your looking by money-laundering provisions the applying like banking, of terrestrial features Some standard
field. the in existing instruments the streamline to proposal is Commission’s the States and Member the by taken the measures complement naturally instruments existing Community The
Belarus. of people the of rights the fundamental protect to order in States Member EU Commission and the the Council, option to this funding of and plan the commend would gladly I
compromise reached. good the and welcomes support constructive its for Parliament European the wishes thank Commission to the President, Mr - Commission. the of Vice-President
Since this about am expressing concerns I to the response adequate an us give will Commissioner the that hope much very souls, and I our into look to have we contribution, our and budget the discussing are we issue.
objectives. development international to and further negotiations these in role active an play to determined Commission is The
level. national and European at international, controlled strictly be and must products other like treated be can never Weapons
this issue. with deal we that time last the be not will this that fear and I this House, debate in of subject again the once is China Mr President, .   
The his forward during European integration take to and self-interests national beyond go Europe, to good of common the work for to desire Chamber his very this in us to declared formally Mr Blair, Minister, Prime British Presidency.
court. the was which institution, the opinion relevant of the for waited legal uncertainty, of measure a felt he as long as who, statesman a of actions responsible the to actions be his consider I concerned, is approach his as far As
reproduction. for toxic substances mutagens carcinogens, and for limits binding effective we have that important is It
I in points two highlight to like should particular.
rate. alarming at an increasing been has which pornography, child of distribution and circulation is the that and combat, prevent and need to we what discussing we been have Today
gone. it has that now do we should what instead ourselves ask and the Wall of fall the celebrating stop should today we and East, citizens the of many so for hunger tyranny and prejudices, of full one but concrete of wall a came down, tumbling wall ago, a years Twenty
correct. which is Europe, open strong and a agenda the in emphasise We
Spain. and Sweden Norway, Australia, as Russia, such signed up, later other countries to which Brazil, and Africa South India, States, China, United the with agreement targeted a reach did Copenhagen, we because in Copenhagen, before at were we stage the at we are nor However,
desert. becoming a is world the of more and more over-farming, and with intervention deforestation and human change climate of consequence a As
participants. for opportunities safeguarding equal to paid to be needs also attention Particular
crime. serious a is abortion countries European many people in of majority a large for and Europe in many people for great a that appreciate must They
either. directive framework a of establishment by the raised be would certainly which problems conceptual and technical the underestimate not must We
apply. not did Procedure of Rules the in described precise case the that means That
people. the of the hearts also but minds the just not win to is able that Europe a is It
They of loss resulting the of and such inconvenience of aware particularly are regions own their and Strasbourg Brussels, travel between order to in transport air use to frequently have Parliament who this of Members so and on. funerals attending from prevented be business, lose time. may
Europe. sensitive socially a about bring to strive must we market economies brutal live in we that accept cannot We
all. available to accounts their make companies to large force would population, and whole the for useful be area, this could, in alone Transparency
structural and problems. macro-financial of surveillance the for framework the within Europe of sides weak the in addressing on be focused must that areas new designates strategy this the crisis, of the context In
air? free to be broadcast to events these international allow and this with complied have federations international certain even if facility, this have citizens the all if wondered you Have
tool. a as used been has WTO the trivialized and been have of minorities opinions scientists, the to discredit made been have Attempts
this. as debate important an for such even proceedings, the to like delay would who Members certain attitude of - the attitude another is there then And
solidarity. concrete of sign a This is
policy. integrated maritime an develop and try to sense make does really it with water, covered is surface Earth's the of 71% As
future. in the and now both border areas, in lost be will opportunities job many great a certificates, and diplomas recognising to comes when it of kinds tricks all to up get still and we security social and tax in differences huge these have we as As long
Directive. habitat protection and bird the created they when in agreement were Commission the and Council, the Member States, All the
Naturally, certain of rounding up the in abuse has been not there or whether simply further than much leaders goes economic and political in and it in confidence their economic situation, the of opinion citizens’ the prices.
the Union. European of people the to interest great of Tourism is Transport and on Committee the behalf of on today Parliament to bring I report The
Union. European the large, is like it yet and manoeuvred be can It
are facing. we circumstances economic difficult the to effectively respond to in order necessary is certainty, which legal this guarantee to as so Treaty the amend quickly us to and for requests Parliament's heed to you for Commissioner, urgency, of a matter therefore It is
On development increase substantially to States of Member number a by and Union the European by made efforts the welcome can only we basis, this aid.
It more to be States Member the requires this and information, access to greater given be therefore must cooperative.
closed. is The debate   
ageing. to in relation innovation support I that say to want I and it, for you but thank I speak to opportunity the abuse not will I
budget? our in lines other credit from funds away taking without operation Kosovo out the to carry possible it is this: is question My
general. in science of broadly, more biotechnology and, sciences, life of development the of favour in are We
all. for rights guaranteed and dignity to ensure methods, working its and Parliament itself for but assistants of sake the only for not propriety, transparency and for is here waging are battle The we
issue. this on conclusion find a to manage will we way In this
I spot. one been has there although Commission, at the reforms for his Kinnock Commissioner praise to like would blind
Council. the and Commissioners by the provided answers the to listen to Chamber the in least stayed at have should Commission the who Members criticised same the that think also I
liquidity. about asked me Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou Mrs President, Mr
Why as sport of talk not we can sport?
morning. the in four constantly until them debated and discussed we four days For
coercion. political tool of a as - things all of world, the in rights human of situation the - on report a of appropriation the as describe would I what to attention must I draw feel agree, I I with which report this of aspects are there (PT) Although
Parliament. this in language common is a This
global level. cooperation at for calls situation this that aware is Everyone
EDF report. on the job great a such done has Rühle Mrs that delighted I am
European integration. of process the for set ever challenge greatest the task of the to equal is that other, the on and fifteen of Union European in today's exists still that deficit the cohesion ignore not does hand one on the that policy balanced a cohesion existence of future the which endangers resources, of lack the emphasise to like should Nevertheless, I
force. military is which of one only instruments, policy of a range by addressed be to needs Terrorism
and resolution. report your in key points the of one to me brings This
their backs. behind not and one agricultural sectors, European the with agreement an reach and borders our open to have We
areas. more and more into reach its EU extends the President, Mr (SV) Group. - IND/DEM the of behalf on
globally. services sanitation and water of 90% over provide operators, who public water by offered the potential particular in Facility identifies Water EDF 10th of the preparation ongoing The
ever. than news more in the now is Tibet of problem the and gentlemen, ladies President, Madam
purposes. other for used being from development funds prevent is exact to aim its as seeing ineffective, become would instrument new was, this it If
administration. this of philosophy basic discuss the to need we say that to have I and place, in administrative structure of type great the curiosity observed with institutions, the outside from here came I
those Naturally, identify to them to up it is and level national at need in most areas the aid on that to target States Member expect we areas.
The these tragic of wake the in calm and restraint called for has Council events.
offers necessity opportunities. that differently, although slightly said, been has as saying by start to like should I
report. this favour of in vote not did We
discreetly. more axed are course, of jobs, although these measures, restructuring numerous of and wake of relocations the in disappear jobs hundreds of fact, in day, Every
rights. their upholds and them for acts but citizens, its against work not does that EU an development of the secure can we only way is the It
imprisoned. wrongly been have these who persons rights of the defend help to international organisations for difficult very it make will and one complicated very a is chosen procedure The
mistakes. our repeat is to situation difficult, very present, the to repair way the which to according Chamber, this in made been have which proposals the by surprised am I
We conciliation the through again discussed be at least directive can the that ensure to order in tomorrow, this vote on separate a for ask to therefore intend procedure.
urgency on Decision
liberties. civil and rights human for respect of importance to the attention draw to right is quite The report
The really House this important of how everywhere awareness is an there and Parliament, this of decision the awaiting are Council the and Commission the public, is.
Bank. Investment the European from resources financial more mobilise course, of also, must we and sector, automobile the on focus greater with and development, research for more mobilise resources must We
Indeed, been should have and could more much sicknesses, other and cancer of terms in occurred health that have human upon effects the regards as done.
transportation. for licences lose their instantly will matters these regulations on European offend against who transporters any that made been have assurances and tightened up be to going is this on, going what of is monitoring and inspection proper have we that this all in essential it is Since
This SIS. in contained data the access opportunity to the permits studying and issuing for responsible bodies the give to seeking proposal the to primarily applies the
text. compromise a accomplish to necessary contacts, the through and, amendments achieve compromise to efforts sustained her on rapporteur the congratulate I Mr President,   
Mr European the States of Member of the most in fact a will be market telecommunications the of liberalization weeks few more a in gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, Mr Union. President,
Yugoslavia. for the former established Court hoc' 'ad the of example unacceptable the remember us Let
them. to subscribe way in no I and personally her about were made that comments the of some hear shocked to I was
and clothing. textiles such as areas vulnerable more the of case the in States, especially Member the in industry protect actions to necessary take the to trade, international of context the in need, the imply measures such also However,
So at with complied be not simply quite It will with. complied be to is how directive the know we all.
Ankara. September in 1 on place to take scheduled demonstration Adep the of theme that the was : peace' for hand in 'Hand
development? different of levels and sizes different of countries of the interests of account take we cannot conducted, currently they are negotiations as the in knowing that, also and negotiations the groupings in existing respecting while not countries, ACP the by created organisations integration regional of supporting importance the emphasise we can How
positive I very this about bringing in instrumental was which Affairs, Monetary and Economic on Committee the me and with forthcoming and cooperation its open for Commission the to however, thanks, special to address like should outcome.
directive. this about sceptical somewhat am I that remarks my introductory from gather will You
decision. the of timing the related to is and Europe in periods with holiday do to This has
to draw? need we do conclusion What
Regarding particular this for costs all cover to how of question the just was there but discovered, was discrimination no have, I information the to according special needs: with pupils of discrimination about raised question the specific the case.
State. Member the respective by of care taken be must These issues
debits. direct of mandate the of checking and management for the safeguards not sufficient are there if a worry is it and security, have to have do they but project, this to unfavourable not are consumers So
question. into called are projects these of foundations basic the if act to ready be treaties would and of the the guardian as act will The Commission
doing. be should committees the what on than these resolutions draft concrete more sessions plenary the for produce could Rights on Women's Committee the view, In my
on. and so broadcasting transport, communications, electronic in usage important wireless socially economically and of provision the for vital resource a as frequencies of management efficient and availability the on which depend policy objectives Community of context in the spectrum radio of importance increasing the reflects thereby It
Trying supported be should that an approach also fauna, is and flora rare of habitats as such areas, sensitive in alternatives non-chemical find to unreservedly.
position. common this into their concerns integrated have successfully we believe I
mobility. to right their to enforce also and ultimately of take care to duty our is It
fail. Commission without European the to be reported must this place, took offence the which in State Member the imposed by sanctions the financial apply and ahead go to not decide going to are residence State of the Member in authorities central the if addition, In
way. this in end an to had brought been finances Union’s threatening the dissent and uncertainty of 15 months relieved that much also was I
requested. Council has the as - year next - 2010 in submit will it which report on the focussing attention its is now Commission The
May. on 1 accede to which are due countries the years to few last the over provided has it that advice and support same the Croatia prepared grant to is Commission the that saying without goes it and help, rely our on will Croatia Here,
billion. 2.6 of EUR margin has a upper limit estimated though the even million, 200 out EUR giving are we budget, that draft the with compared when means, this other, the On
ratification. for stand clear a make you should form, any in govern to continue you If
networks. trans-European the of the reinforcement and Programme Fifth Research the Parliament, the of European initiative growth and employment the expenditure: growth-creating and employment on again emphasis is policies, the internal 3, Category In
average. EU the above be to continues Europe and Eastern Central in Economic growth
vehicles. off-balance-sheet of disclosure the on and calculations risk transparency of in obligation clarify the to need also We
presidency. Spanish with the also today, this debate available for be to arrangements particular made have whom of both Patten, and Commissioner Solana Mr to thanks my House, the of behalf on on record, the place to like should I debate the to open Solana Mr invite I Before
money. of taxpayers' handling Union European responsible and transparent more and finances European Union of management better ensuring for interests, financial Union's European the defending for important procedure very is budget The discharge
the field. in specialists eminent between foster network-creation to helped has Commission The
Madam two or one ask allowed to be I may President, supplementaries?
health. my for wishes its good for the House thank all first of must I President, Madam
of six years. space the in countries some in nature structural but all an of changes brought about has it as positive inasmuch been has experiment the Secondly,
recently. held were elections which in countries of of Government Heads those the except Council, of Members the all of meet to opportunity had the I and Parliament with contact constant I in kept period this Throughout
disaster? ecological predictable a or opportunity an it is question: following the ask would and I said has Lepage Mrs what endorse fully Commissioner, I Madam President,
communitarism… of rejection revisionism, with history aspects of of discussions legitimate with discrimination, equated are preference national of claims where the and increase, on are crimes thought Europe where in a me, allow You will
citizens organised and terrorism on as well as beings, in human trafficking and migration illegal as such problems cross-border on action joint more effective will take rights, and freedoms fundamental respect for guaranteeing while EU, the that expect rightly European crime.
30.
negotiations. accession the entering Malta is
mind. in it bear and board on this to have take You
Transparency Initiative. Extractive Industries the for support its reiterate will Commission the I hope light, this In
States. Member the in authorities public by law Community of enforcement the concerning citizens European from complaints number of high is continuing the here raise to like question I would last The
basis. regional a on them products from assess on and to animals live the allow to being object the first choice, of recourse the as regarded be should vaccination emergency that is epidemics future against action of terms in important demand most our But
discussion. in-depth of subject the been have Treaty Constitutional draft the of third part the of policies specific the on Presidency the by drawn proposals up various The
budgets. increase our we cannot so problems, financial are there told being always are We consideration. taken into will be contradictions, stated as here have I which arguments, same the hope I do, to have shall COMs, we as new the studying to it comes When
peoples. of our wellbeing the and the environment of protection welfare, animal as such consideration other over every precedence not take does is, it important though trade, that ensure to GATT of reform at look must we then that win we cannot If
old Commission. from the different is it that prove to chance Commission a the giving are We
The development EU goals through these pursue and must UN the in lead the take must EU cooperation.
aside. not cast we must that dividend peace a is democracy Western normal become a great country this seeing of prospect, the the but opportunity, decade, next the end of the at point some at come will accession happens, If it
So are that financial policies and policies economic to have euro and the reinforce important to very is it Bank, and European Central our from apart banks national 27 have we ministers, 27 finance have we budgets, national 27 we have that accept to have we time same the at but want; growth we smart green of kind this to build crisis and this of out get to namely plan, European coordinated more have a to approach your share I sustainable.
route. censure through the confidence of vote a this House of demand to itself Commission empowered the month Last
Bureau. the by be approved to normally has answer The
their ways. change to pressure any feel not do comply not do that those continue and to incentive no is there that feel comply do Those States that
disappointing. very was response Barrot's Commissioner President, Group. Mr - PSE the behalf of on
code. strong support a to Union European the within governments the on persuading efforts concentrate should does, clearly who gentleman the honourable matters, including those on views strong have who those that stage, first a as is important, It
Firstly, Palestinian the for chamber a funding of issue the McMillan-Scott raised Mr Council.
that. say you when are right You
The payments compensation any for company mining the for itself substitute not could Union European due.
Germany. to 40% compared by increasing labour costs unit its with competitiveness, crisis of fearful most the had Italy has
The the often too is still as passive spectators, mere than rather players active become must public case.
system. justice the only governments, but involves longer no it politicised because way any in longer no is – procedure importantly the most and – Lastly
available. widely makes them and destruction mass of deploys weapons Iraq way the concern about justifiable now is There
the aim. that is Nor
Kosovo. Let war of outbreak the day as same the exactly on taken 2000 was Agenda on decision Berlin the that you remind me in
now. rights without fact in not We are
food chain. the in confidence consumer safeguard to the way is This
renationalisation. its to lead inevitably will CAP the of co-financing time that in illusion no under be should We
of ideas. continent a are We
Africa? with not but Government, and State of of Heads level at the Latin America and Asia with dialogue has Union European the that strange not it Is
rights. human respect for and full of law rule the society upon based open an to transition China's supporting to dedicated is Union European The
Parliament. codecision with to subject be to borders and immigration, visas of asylum, field the in instrument first the Code is Community The
and resources. limited administrations slim requires only which coordination, from comes that value added provide the simply should It
right) the from (Applause
mind. my in questions raises also Mediterranean Union The
that population. of rights the and Pazar Novi of the Sandjak include to extended should be everything request that I
seriously? disaster scenarios these taken Commission the Has
greater detail. much in at be looked to need report second the in asked questions the this, To do
different. utterly are States Member the in procedures the Here,
particular importance. of is which victims, to and assistance proceedings criminal both unsatisfactory concerning remains situation the achieved, been have some that, results although is impression our States, Member the by submitted information the of the basis On
House. in the view majority the think, expresses I which, and compromise achieved good a have we which on tomorrow, pass shall we hope that I resolution is the question, from today's apart reaction, Our
Delors. speaker, Jacques honoured second our have we Now
wand. magic a with disappear to made cannot be that and energy nuclear use of the to opposition to from reservations anything feel citizens European of a proportion large that is which truth, the cover to curtain big a energy like of renewable sources use and one basket in put everything to try not Do
to now. done up not has it something is which determination, great with clauses rights the human enforce must really it countries, third with agreements and cooperation economic commercial, signs EU the When
accountability. transparency and greater ensure to suit, follow to need institutions other the all that believe I
direction. changed country since the continued has that and crisis, political a Russia has
it! into pumped be should money of amount a that substantial but needed not just needed, is regulation this that claimed have liberals the even that and amazement increasing with sector flower the regulation for the on debate this to been listening have I say I President, must Mr
incidents. these in implicated are who politicians, relevant Serb the by made statements self-justifying the not and facts the consider duty to a has European Parliament this, the as such violations human rights minority and of documented cases In
products? alternative of risks are the what and products; use these we when absorption of risk the particular risks, in real are the What
There at concept entire the Schengen put immigrants have illegal of regularisations mass and leniency, much too far apathy, much far too currently is risk.
strategies. harmonising national and exchanging experiences platforms for or groups working specialist up by setting example, for made, be could start A
reasons. for many opportune or realistic either is membership Turkey's that feel not do We
countries. third from minors of importing trade in the engaging without highlighting talent in rights Community and of management the in clubs big and for small treatment and equal use drug xenophobia, and racism hooliganism, sport from protecting on predicated quo and status positions change of a mean would this that accepted universally is it because football, on report the support should Parliament European the why reasons the are These
policy. and competition savings on solely here focuses developed being is it as governance economic Mr President, (DE)
safety. on and particular in clarity on forward, step a represents undoubtedly report the more detail, in amendments the raised in certain points on our position define to have we Although
experts. the for and diplomats the for Affairs, European for Minister the Affairs, Foreign for for Minister for the Luxembourg Presidency, the whole of the for also but for Mr Juncker, only Not
cooperation. development for has this importance the on focus to like should I Finally,
about. talking is she knows what She
closer. to become opportunities as many twice us giving China, different very from which is area an in lies and identity own its has Macao
(IT) so done been has to compared what priorities of definition different a with other words in way, new a in approached be should Afghanistan today in present still problems huge the that idea the rapporteur the with share I gentlemen, and ladies President, Madam far.
world?’ modern fast-moving the up by thrown now challenges with the manner and consistent timely a deal in to able be to order centre in decision-making single have a should energy and security policy, foreign regarding European strategy reached when been perhaps the moment or has governments, different by 25 governed be Europe ‘Can is: us of one every and each to put I question The
June. in reconsideration a and proceedings the in delay a to lead effect, in will, which proposal, compromise joint new a by replaced be will text existing that the means this In practice,
measures? specific these to apply planning are you timetable what following timeframe and what Within
sources. energy renewable with power nuclear replace to how us can EU show which the from drive new need a we Instead
citizens. its of aspirations the and Union needs of the the can accommodate we specifically, 99 No Treaty, the Article from Articles other and 308 No Article from upheld, has he mechanisms through the moment, any at that, the idea of and interpretation flexible a in of favour are We
countries. eleven all in applied strictly be to Growth Pact and the Stability for called 1998 April 30 of resolution our safeguards, further provide in to However, order
Moreover, recycled being present at already is single-use packaging of 90% to 80% successfully.
a.m. 11 at tomorrow place will take vote The
rules? general the under fall they not can Why
Parliament. European the with working to continuing looking forward are We
report. excellent an for again rapporteur the thank to like I should Mr President,    .
need. they of what terms in experts greatest the say, to sorry am are, I who victims, to the listen very to important is it and concerned, children to the support support, psychological legal advice, such as required, are measures Complex
it. paraphrasing minutes have I few the spend to going not am I so and the Council, of the Presidency and Commission the issue to this question on the oral of content the forwarded I
practices. eugenic legislate on not should not, does and which Union, European the for not and for subsidiarity, matter a is subject This
What created. is Union military a shelved and being is integration European civil hitherto which with the vehemence and policy security and foreign of field the motion in in set been has is what alarming, thoroughly indeed unsettling, is being
the by. by is that But
abroad. healthcare costs for the meeting website on recently launched a with in place put been already have taken and been already have information; some access to efforts will be there so important part, an is citizens to information earlier, said I As
matter. this regarding communication joint issued a Spain of government the Venezuela and of government the Saturday, on because information, update his should Iturgaiz Mr
minds. our on is that issue an really is this that acknowledged been It has
cannot. certainly we - or not healthy is top-level sport whether say can Olympus Mount on the gods Only
comitology. of issue the deal this to on made was that adjustment last-minute the with pleased particularly am I
Year. peaceful New a all you wish and you to festive greetings my on pass to Club Friday of the behalf on opportunity take now the I may - summits Luxembourg about said has been great deal a and - Luxembourg of As native a
realistic. perfectly is programmes, existing of operation the extending on spent i.e. amount the million, EUR 80 of increase an that believe I budget, the of difficulties objective the of aware am and sector this sparing in be not should funding believe that though I even budget, the regards as Finally,
available organs. of lack a trafficking is organ of cause underlying The
Gradin. Mrs you, Thank
Institutions. our by and approved sanctioned been effectively have which the documents rights, of to charters research, problems of ethical case the of the in refers, it authorities, certain by held only fact, in are, law, which natural of principles invoking of instead research when, scientific on decisions nature of democratic and transparent the invokes also report Caudron the believe I
You say to ‘yes’ they – do I as – if wastefulness, even this to and EU this to ‘no’ saying are there out people the of most that surprised be cannot Europe.
the Prime of Presidency Portuguese the of priorities the supports Parliament that clearly demonstrated has debate the Minister, Council.
not happen. did this But
society. our in industries businesses and many role in more direct a play to continue renewable energies that clear is It
chaos. into decline country's that accelerated February 15 has on emergency of a state of declaration government's Chadian The
Parliament. European the was it then 2000, Budget for procedure the in their responsibility to done justice has anyone If
several delays. and debate after heated possible only was approval that however, unfortunate, was It position. negotiating the Union's approved recently Ministers Council of pleased the are We
ticket. according their to entitled are which they to class in the boarding being denied still are they class, lower in a seat a to accept agree may passengers though even because acceptable not is 8 Amendment No of paragraph third The
share. us of think all I that demand a negotiations, the in role a plays Parliament that European the demand I place, take negotiations these do President, if Mr case, any In
tapped? being not are telephone calls your that Minister, sure, so be you can How
time. changed that has in much very not essentially looked at, been have they when times been have there although and, ago years fifty about up set fact in were schools these because point at this issues these consider we that and important is it report, my in at look to have sought I what is That
databases. national in information the collect and reporting system mandatory a up have set States Member all satisfied that is Commission the reporting, occurrence regarding rules Community of application the regard to With
in this. role its played has activity Human
Goals. Millennium the achieve to commitment political our to respond efforts to and to Union European the of action the external to important very is tonight debating are question we the President, – Mr   
people. the by elected a President Government and European a Parliament, a a Constitution, need We
property markets. financial and the in burst to waiting bubble a and credit unsecured high-risk loans, against been warning have experts years, For
acceptable. wholly is which 40, to 20 from this ratio suggested increasing rapporteur the insufficient, charge was noise lowest and highest the between of ratio 1:20 proposed the Since
3. paragraph to amendment 1 is on amendment oral the President, Madam
about. clear not I am thing just one is there Schulz, Mr President, Madam
secret by ballot. taken be to appointments on votes for customary is It
began. strike hunger the when elections and after the parliament Party boycotted the Socialist when 2009, in begin it did nor demonstrators, the against violence the with January in begin did crisis not The
All inferred the reduce concerned considerably ministers and studies the costs.
progress. environmental social or assessing to comes when it apparent increasingly are its shortcomings but assessment, economic for index main the been years, has GDP many For
Therefore, have. directive this of implementation that implications potential the of social study appropriate an conduct to and services of liberalisation on the directive the of transposition postpone to is measure vital one crisis, time of this at would
target. renewables the towards count energy nuclear let to Commission intends the expressed that been doubts have There
countries. own their in conditions the economic of because drug crops growing on dependent are who world the around the people helping favour in of are we Secondly,
declaration. and political answer political a for rather, looking, no doubt am I
for money. value better see to want taxpayers However,
responsibility. individual and choice individual account into take not we do that stress to want I
It running are tensions where apart and falling risk of at is that State a is high.
poorer. lot a make farmers and euros billion six extra an will cost The proposals
of Commission. the President as Jacques Santer, also for and González Felipe for Major, John Andreotti, for Giulio for Lubbers, Ruud for Kohl, Helmut Mitterrand, for François Schmidt, for for Helmut Estaing, d' Giscard Valéry for Werner, Pierre for success a been also has it that recognise must we and January, on 1 work to who went citizens anonymous of thousands hundreds of the for institutions, financial the for Bank, Central European the for success a also is The euro
Union. the State of Member another to workers their transfer which companies by be respected which must rules imperative creating aim of the with States Member the of the legislations coordinate to seeks the proposal Mr President,
position. this endorse fully I Tibet Intergroup, Parliament's European the President of As
special birthday. this for wishes all good context, solemn rather this an in exception as Commission, the send also I so And
territory. national entire to the tariff single a apply to whether decide may States Member the that other, the on and, costs with correlated be shall prices hand, one that the on services states, on postal Directive the of Article 12
What the attending be probably will Mugabe Robert dictator Zimbabwe's that is Crowley, Brian unlike me, concerns summit.
handprint. the rapporteur's bear does really 1999 for procedure the discharge gentlemen, ladies and Blak, Mr President, Mr
Solidarity Fund. Union’s the European updating at aimed amendments of raft approved a House report, this Berend the of framework the within example, For
Stoning are hangings public and barbaric.
funding. of question the is there result As a
Directive. the REACH it and between treatment of inconsistency and an disrupters endocrine of scientific definition of lack a is there and impact assessment EU detailed no is There
applied. be conditionality to of principle the for calls report also The
autumn. the in payments resume can we that so summer the by place in measures additional the have to is objective My
other. or funds hedge some against discriminating of matter a any sense in it is Nor
solution. a to nearer Gibraltar and Britain Great issue of thorny the brings subject, the on protocol the with constituencies, territorial of introduction the concerning wording the proposed that saying resist hardly can I
point. final make one to like should I
of duty-free. by existence the assisted are certainly sectors in specific jobs certain today, which, in reality a is drawn is attention my which to reality The
government. regional Catalan by the made suggestions the to receptive so being Ojeda Bautista for Mr thank to like also would I Catalonia. in very important obviously is latter The
area. budget entire the including Lisbon, Treaty of the relating to issues the all to justice full to do for us important it is Now
decide. House will the of majority The
here. not representative is Council the that given Council, the to recommendation Parliament European a proposal for a discuss to are going we whether the Bureau ask to like should I (PT)
(For see vote, the of details and other results Minutes)
underfoot. Community European the by advocated principles democratic the tramples and House the stock of laughing a makes It
delay. without adjustments make to possible it make to order intervals, in short at evaluation necessity, and of also, but programmes, multiannual the on Parliament by codecision only not involve will monitoring Such
capable. should be and could they of which levels the at time performing been for some not have inland waterways and while rail congested and full are roads our that therefore, surprise, no as come should It
There into integration Turkey’s up speeding from policy security terms of in had be to benefits are substantial Europe.
He in be to permitted not was Greece.
That new the constructively with cooperate to able be will we and kind, this of moves underhand put to be will stop a Commission, to this support our broad give we when or tomorrow, that, today hope but I here, not is Member Commission.
fashion. progressive a in undertaken were reconversions necessary the ensure and it achieve to more four adaptation and for prepare to years five were given States Member why is That
approach. budget activity-based the element of important an is operations Union's for the Personal accountability
Algeria. with association agreement a new for way under also are Negotiations
us. of expect people that our objective an cooperation, transatlantic of help with the objective peaceful multilateral and one the towards direction same in the carry on public, European the and societies our with we, along if Europe, only stabilise to and degree some to societies to reconcile help ultimately will which instruments, these of use to make able be will We
Kyoto Convention. the to reference made only I example, if, for task the to justice doing be not would fusion. we Thus, of mirage the chasing forever are we because is this think I
interest. broader economic in the market their companies in gas natural on impose can States which Member service, a provide to obligations of the for protection provides also directive The
Affairs. Institutional on Committee the by perseverance continuity and with pursued among those are moreover proposals rapporteur's Your
the victims. assist support and they that rather, but worse, it make or situation the negate do not procedures that the - it towards way long a goes report this and - ensure to We need
transport. air for scheme trading emissions separate about a creating one the of exception the with – many points on her support Parliament European in the Group Socialist the in we Indeed,
Sea. the of Law the Convention on United Nations the in recognised is thereof, which subsoil and zone economic exclusive its of seabed the resources in present natural the use of make State to Member of a right legitimate the interferes with proposal this stands, it As
etc. agreements, voluntary the of means by the Netherlands system, dot green the means of by Germany way: own it their all did States The Member
is signature. at present was I Jerusalem, and 2005 in November signed in was which and Movement, Access on Agreement the apply to parties the for urgent it is believe that I context, this In
changing. are requirements residential and Mobility requirements
If and social labour serious on attacks even more have we would retirement, for age legal the increase and inflation with rising from prevent wages to attempt particularly the passed, been had not pact competitiveness so-called the and governance economic so-called of proposals the with Stability Pact, the of criteria irrational the rights.
hard. hit have which both of France, in floods the and in Turkey earthquake new the as place, such taken have catastrophes terrible several days, few the last particularly in and part-session, last our since gentlemen, and Ladies
The formula. same the of a continuation through tackled be cannot poverty emphasis, because the shift to was question this putting my purpose of old
reading. second to a proceed to have shall we not if reading, first up take our will July 20 place on takes that reading second s Council' the that hope we words, other In
report. Roth-Behrendt the by proposed amendments the against all vote therefore I will
important tool. very a to be proved systems, has other among eco-contribution, the Florenz, Mr end, this To
guarantees. with all, and, above transparency with properly, it us do let and essential, and so basic human rights, of violation the sanction to mechanism necessary the with provide ourselves Let us
remarks. the in and nomenclature in the both It remains
executions. on universal a moratorium of institution the penalty and death the of question the on group, GUE/NGL the of behalf on others, Manisco and Mr by -B4-0665/98, executions; on moratorium universal a of institution and the penalty death the question of the on group, PPE of the on behalf Oomen-Ruijten, Mrs and Habsburg-Lothringen by Mr -B4-0658/98, executions; on moratorium universal a of institution and the penalty the death of question on the group, V the of on behalf others, and Mrs Aglietta by -B4-0642/98, on executions; universal moratorium a of institution the and penalty death the question of the on group, PSE the of behalf on Imbeni, Mr by -B4-0621/98, punishment; capital on moratorium a universal on group, ELDR the of behalf on and Frischenschlager, Mr Cars Mr by -B4-0615/98, executions; moratorium on a universal of the institution and penalty the death of question the on group, ARE the on of others, behalf and Dupuis Mr -B4-0595/98, by penalty death the on Moratorium
services. financial as such sectors cross-disciplinary basic and especially in economies, own their develop to order in need they which field, this skills in and knowledge European Union's benefiting the from Firstly,
them. use who those all for priority a is networks information of security The
pace. very fast a at are developing particular in protection of means Technical
himself. for man every means national regulation currently, unsound, because, is It
Let mid-term the in announced been have that and are required that measures the specific propose to initiative of right using its is the Commission that two questions, your to in response say, me review.
regions. frontier cheating in to and avoidance to tax end an put that would think I
questions? the Commissioner ask to other time some have we that request I Can
to back committee. referral before is this and vote', Parliament's account into taking white: '... and black in there It says to. refer to you would ask I which Annex V, of 6(1) clearly Article in stated very as vote, a leading report to a on vote their explain to example, for right, their Of
maintained. principles are Treaty the agreement this Under
I Thursday, March 1 on adjourned Parliament European the of session the resumed declare 2001.
examples. good from learn to people encourage to and of experiences exchange foster to levels, the regional and both national at various parties among the communication encourage need to policy, we structural European integrated the of success the about speak to are we period, budget the of the end at If,
precisely. defined be to it would need We
During Western the of five countries for visas waived has Union European the last year, the Balkans.
arise. questions that of kind the are These
indeed great. is civilians among xenophobia of an outbreak of risk The
unsanitary. and cramped conditions are where prisons committal in held they are courts, the for available be must they As
toys. in phthalates concerns it when especially too well, only this debate we know Denmark In
(EL) today's of issues basic the covered have Members fellow my President, debate. Mr
lost. jobs and elsewhere being attracted and companies business with uncompetitive, made be could protection of social level high a and wages lower have present at that countries because equality, against creating obviously militates this wage, minimum of the harmonisation taxation of or harmonisation about speak we when also, But,
The the of diffidence certain a with other, the on and, majority the of virtual indifference the with hand, one the on met, some is of initiative minority.
year. the of end the at this on consulted be will Parliament programme, since s Commission' the for approval of vote not a is Commission the of ratification the on vote The (FR) -
We our up made have minds.
safety. is out, pointed already has Watts as Mr important point, An
concept. strategic into new the shield anti-missile the integration of the was outcome important most the that think I
expenditure. is, agricultural that 1, heading under expenditure to regard responsibilities with shoulder its to was ready Council the as insofar 4, and 3 headings under expenditure to regard with responsibility of burden its to shoulder ready was it that us told outset, the from Parliament, your Indeed,
rapporteur. its and Environment Committee the proposal of the of in favour basically are We
Can Perspective. current of the 3 category of ceiling the within resources financial additional identify Commission to to the is up it that and be obsolete to ECU m 700 of complement financial the for Commission proposal the considers Council the that clear is it Perspective, Financial the of a revision on agree Council Ecofin to the of failure the following that President, Mr say, also I Financial
bank. central independent an pact and stability the provisions, Treaty of the basis on decided is policy economic where control, democratic system beyond a of creation the mean it will ahead goes monetary union If
work. organisation of new a on discussions beginning of possibility the is also hand, there other the On
Education worldwide Europe in as role our fulfilling for our and market labour s tomorrow' on own their holding people young s today' prerequisite for the policy is competition.
Eastern Europe. into enlargement concerns issue other Amsterdam. The in answered not was that question triangle, a institutional so-called the of issue the is One
now. to up been has it than enforced more fully and improved is ex-ante, in particular of control, system that the hope I reason, For this
newspapers. in countries' our more and revealed more being are they there; are facts The
Both Kaliningrad the regarding policy isolationist anti an in and border the of sides both on cooperation of principle the interest in an have EU the Russia and region.
nickel-free. should be they exist coins small long as as President, Mr
2002. December of the end at closed not inquiries were which were 110 and in 2003 initiated were inquiries those of 250 received, 2 436 complaints the Of
Pagazaurtundua. like murdered, being Joseba danger of in are they since cannot participate citizens many which in planned are elections municipal regions, autonomous European Union's of the autonomous most the is which Basque Country, Spanish the in that fact the to attention your draw I Union, European the in are we since And,
citizens. EU from applications asylum unfounded manifestly examining for procedures speed the up best can one of examination how an premises It
security. without human security no long-term be can there and done be to remains lot a successes, great achieved indeed have we Whilst
few. a of abuses the by tarnished image improve an to statute order in a want Many
aid. that condition of a be must it hope: vague a of form the in aid to the merely attached be not must This
Italy. neighbour, larger its relations with good had always has it reason this and for haven, tax a refused become to always have to Europe in small states few the one of Marino is San fact that the is welcome, also must we which and today, mention must we which aspect further A
partitioned. is research world the way, same the In
Mountainous that within position prominent an especially given were areas framework.
Mr visa this in developments the latest discussing today are we House this in here and issue, important an to debate the occasion is policy visa a European introduction of the President, policy.
country. in that parliament of members spoke to and visited committee the when clear made were that secrecy banking about have concerns we Singapore On
benchmarking. and Asia, for in resources reduction a legislation, complicating and duplicating about concerns serious to report due amended the against vote had to MEPs Labour British .   
good idea. a offices, is national the to delegated work its of some with role, central a Office European the Patent giving of idea the concerned, are offices main the as far As
agenda. political the on very high is system currently security social the splitting up of question the country, own my In
safety. and nuclear waste nuclear to refer committee our by proposed amendments number A of
stone. in set is not future the say that also should I time same the but at enlargement, from distinct is that one is policy neighbourhood the that clear is it perspective, European the On
‘family’. of definition broad a for proposal Parliament’s rejected Council the year, last December of Madam President,    in
policy. and exchange-rate tensions trade policy, climate of the view with interests common our achieve and pursue better to Union European the for overall strategy an China define to have will Commission that new the view personal my It is
Israel. with table negotiating the to back bring to it Syria to benefits aid trade and significant could offer EU The
attained. be to these objectives for important is it legislation, our in implemented agreement is the that sure making are we that Now
lifetime. s vehicle' throughout a efficiently functions equipment control emission that reliably more ensure measures to several mentions rapporteur The
to At allowed trafficking is that manpower or finance of lack for not is so it that police forces to given be must resources and convicted, on those hard down come to need legislatures level, national a continue.
speech. Jouyet's Mr of end the with will start I gentlemen, and ladies Minister, President, Mr
now. to up enjoyed have they that way the in lives their live to continue can that they families, so fishing many to certainty give also can it fisheries; sustainable economically environmentally more and can deliver only not that one is required is what and measures control fishery of whole issue because the report, Casaca the with debate a joint as debate this are having we that is appropriate It
Balkans. Western and the Union European the between relationship the future terms of in issue very sensitive a is this Politically,
enrichment. about is hear we All
pesticides. of use the and engines combustion of efficiency the as areas such important cover These
works. always Commission the way the is this and be respected, must European the Community and EU the of framework the legal that is line bottom the view, my In
situation. the to improvements necessary the make to us enable will indeed measures these that hope I
explode. will Balkans the of whole the happens if that and Bosnia, into another turn will Albania that fear, is we what and minds, our of back the in is that what know We all
Harbour. Mr made by observation the valued really President, I Mr off, finish To
Poland. Ukraine and between border the on daughters died young three her and woman Chechen a Last week
much. very Thank you   
Thus the European of principle self-proclaimed the or acquis, Community the or 308, Article application of the prevent cannot it because becomes subsidiary, itself subsidiarity of principle the Union.
The agricultural his adapt to farmer the from incentive remove all premiums plan.
anything new. add point to this difficult at obviously is and it debate this during said been much gentlemen, has and ladies Commissioner, Council, the of President-in-Office Mr President, Mr
about. concerned we are the issues one of that that is given ago, months few a case the been have would than importance more of be would consumption the of promotion as such elements now, reductions tax to debate were we if doubt No
short-term exposure. against protection for concentration, a allowable maximum as and exposure long-term against protection of level a offering average annual an as expressed levels, quality standard of environmental the definition resulted in have Commission the by out carried been have that studies impact The
effort. that to make have We
proposal. initial on its Commission congratulate the to like also would and I positive, been has I believe which House, the in other with groups dialogue a and established worked has he which in way the and report of his content the on rapporteur the congratulate to like firstly would I President, Mr
parties. speak, not people Parliament, European the in Here
positive I a to proceeding original this bring power to its in everything do will Presidency the Hungarian know conclusion.
cost? this much will How
These the of size the to proportional should be accounting requirements and administrative the that means which of proportionality, principle the introduce alia, inter will, grant. amendments
prohibited’. be must which discrimination and objectives, vocational training and market labour legitimate policy, employment by particular in justified, are which treatment in differences distinguish between to essential therefore is It
debts. considerable had it where in, itself found Railways then State the which situation financial the solved also division the that is Sweden in gained experience important One
just listed. have I areas the standards in high of down laying the with coincide negative, must and both positive implications, its all sector, with aviation the of liberalisation the us, to because resolution, the in aspect this on emphasis of bit a quite placed We
guilt. of collective suggestion any refute although I too, perpetrators were people many dictatorship, the Hitler of victim first not the just was country Our
inflation. holding down of interests the in example, for out, carried interventions discriminatory and regulatory un-systematic themselves to adapt to willing not who are whatsoever sector any companies in private of expropriation the for precedence dangerous a create will States Member some governments of by the institutions financial troubled of takeover The
otherwise. or literally cold, the in out Member States own its leave not should Brussels Surely
There to be deserve that painful areas are many there and now, years four for standstill a been has addressed.
value. established an to it be seemed where regions in even is, democracy fragile how again, once illustrates, It
legislative proposal. a submit to Commission the request to initiative take the be to able will States Member of number significant a coming from citizens million one that will mean initiative citizens' The
extremes. countries to different the in of legislation social harmonisation about carrying doubts has who those of one am I
criteria. social also but biodiversity, efficiency, CO2 They cover
could social avoid and corruption eliminate to possible been have It upheavals.
reform process. the of part crucial a as elections regards Palestinian society of sector A wide
Europe. for and entrepreneurs workers, for good be will and Europe, in jobs new more and growth ensure will more It directive. services this Europe needs
for Technology. Institute European of the establishment the would as undertaking, sensational be a would clusters forming corresponding equipment and satellite in connections fibre optical Integrating
Community. the throughout uniformly enforced being from far are they but whole, coherent consistent and a form beginning to are that have directives now We
detail. in issue this discussed already has Presidency the produced, Summit Madrid the that documents principal three the of analysis in-depth with an provide you to not my is aim Today
compensated. be affected of those suffering the can Nor
balanced. more considerably looking has emerged drugs policy European on report d'Ancona the committee, to back been referred Having
any her In give to unable also was which themselves, destination of airport the rang they fact, information.
Japan. in thousand 6 per and USA the in thousand per 6.7 with compared companies, in European workers thousand every for 2.5 researchers just there are of employment, terms Similarly, in
relatively trifling. something with are dealing we which one, in this like case a in it worth is think it not do I
Committee. Joint of decisions the the on information given be to asks Parliament amendment, second In its
Greece'. with together problem this solve 'Let's said have Kohl Chancellor would
rights. human of the cause Parliament to of the commitment testify which report, the views on of exchange the appreciated I President, Madam - the Commission. of Member
Union. the European by taken be must non-citizens Latvia's of behalf on action therefore, and, rule divide of and method old the using are They
its promises. on reneging of China event the in sanctions economic other and trade of introduction immediate the for way the pave also We should
is. link the see where cannot I
sea. the into fallen not has Europe result; a as wrong gone has nothing but – case the is which – force into entered Constitutional has not Treaty that the view the take people many because lives, people’s to is Treaty important Constitutional the why explain to effort an make must we that however, also case, the is It
help. with our Kosovo, in particularly own problems, its solve must it Yugoslavia that convince to means possible every by strive we that important more the All
manufacturers. and dealers the between the power of division very one-sided a of hallmarks the all bears clearly situation This
agenda. Parliament's be could it debate, After today's
enormous challenges. pose to continues Europe in situation social and economic the Mr President, - Commission. of the Member
of children. these half for case the be will this Indeed,
rating activities. credit to addition in services advisory no be will there overcome: been have interest of Conflicts
us. situation between the clarify to like I would Next,
be. aspire to we what and is, EU the what about, we are what about questions far-reaching very raise does with Georgia relationship EU's The
Minutes) the approved (Parliament
loans. and grants both is for eligible Moldova Republic of the that mention also must I
its forms. all in indefensible and vile is we because it might, well as terrorism, denounce and deplore and House this to come can us of most or First, all
What OLAF the of elements main the are reform?
example. an set to institution, this of responsibility the responsibility, our it is works and world which the in way the yet not is this that is problem The
Christian club. exclusive an is not this that Union European inside the live already who Muslims million the to 15 message strong a sent also have We
Government. United Kingdom the of position the me reiterate Let
opt-outs. of host whole a by undermined been have would rules European the and also time, working as discounted on-call time and extended been have would hours as working Time Directive the Working on positions Council's the rejected I say that to wish Secondly, I
chicken meat. protein and to water adding on question a tabling for Roo de Mr and Lannoye Mr Lucas, Mrs thank to like would I President, Mr .
doors. closed behind hold meetings to able no be longer would that groups mean not does this course, of information; of availability easier and greater about am here talking I
history.' before and conscience, before their God, responsibility before a grave assume exhausted are law international by available made means peaceful all that decide who 'Those spokesman: his through has said II Paul John Pope - him quoting for me criticise would who those than to some to closer issue, on indeed, this is he Yes,
need. in most regions help the not simply it will widely, too and thinly too is spread aid the If
Italy. in innovation little there is that fact the to economy, Italian the of productivity the in therefore and in productivity, fall the attribute sources many enterprises, medium-sized small and As regards
generations? future for and ourselves for do to going we are What question: following the ask to us also with, encourages us provides it information valuable the useful, all from apart report, well-written comprehensive, This
The leaders political just as democracy, social of role a have unions do.
understandable. and always clear are not services these using when reimbursement rules regarding the present, at because used, be can services these which in the out lays cases clearly it Furthermore,
Commissioner for postal market internal the of completion the towards forward "move to need we that this House to just explained has Bolkestein services".
issue. this on working been have we nine months last the during now and both contributions, everyone their for thank to like should I Mr President, - rapporteur.
I the of otherwise, or constitutional logic, the in down laid way no in which is and derogatory, and provisory both which is element an know is all you as which example, for aids, State public by the support provided of question the mention simply would Treaties.
commonwealth. the joining for incentives constitute will transport, which and environment energy, infrastructures, the as such sectors in advantages other and economic offer will relationship special This
The own cast its even not does general, it in point that, the to up vote, a comes to it when neutral absolutely be must Chair vote.
The reject we and considerably it weaken amendments proposed the but direction, the right in heading is Ortega Medina Mr by presented text them.
consumers. with honestly deal not do manufacturers some that ham shows glued about so-called debate President, current the Mr (DE)
nail. and tooth right that defend certainly will it but moment, at the here not is Commission The
April 2009. 22 Wednesday on place will take vote The
future. foreseeable the for States Member Union other to capital investment, rather than professional qualifications, their be offering will who they is It
this? opposed to be could Who
I petty for Europe for responsibility their historic exchange out, and day in day who, governments the of ranks the from out stepping consensus, for speaking up him found cash.
country. indeed or any Ireland for good is UK the for good is policy what fisheries common of the rules the within that Commissioner the to out like point to should I
end. the debate until the attend to going was presidency Council information, the my According to
Europe. created in been have farms organic of an number increasing years 15 last the during that know We
not. or successfully is concluded DDA whether the on dependent be highly will that debate WTO, a of the future the on debate to a gates the open also will This
and 4/99 3/99 1/99, budgets (SAB) amending and supplementary Draft
concerning building. the Russia with negotiating suggested and responsibility any avoided Italy independence, of Lithuania's restoration the After
law. rule of the and rights human to respect and country the in violence to the stop a put to Zimbabwean Government the called on Bureau The
phenomenon. this combat to and and children women towards prevent violence to taken be to need measures urgently further unfortunately 1997, in was launched programme Daphne the initial since area this in made considerable progress the despite women: against Violence
Sellafield. in does likewise Kingdom United the doubt No
itself. by this matter do about might EU the what on judgment a form to difficult It is
disappointment. our expressing we reason are main first the is That
important. is pillar second of the nature the collective Furthermore,
Mr political new a entered Africa South Mbeki, of election Thabo the and President as farewell s Nelson Mandela' with President, era.
time. first conflict the for Zimbabwe the in responsibility regional acknowledged their Government of Heads its 2007, March and 29 28 on summit special At a
value. economic cultural and a with content and demand), (video on VOD as such services new to access public information, of circulation expression, of between freedom found therefore been has balance A
overcapacity. considerable from aware, suffers all we are as industry, car The European industry. car European entire the of state current weakened the greater to due the is all viability to risk that and viability, long-term its restore to able not be would a company that risk a be would there financing, public attached to conditions non-commercial by was determined company European a of restructuring the if Moreover,
citizens. the with dialogue encourage to ever, than more need, we when time a at Movement European the for support its Union withdraws European if the surprising be would it and effective, actions are Movement' s this that know We
Union. European the users in million mobile-telephone 140 for day good a is Today
effort. joint a and action unified of with children sexual exploitation the confront to possible is it that believe I but this struggle, of difficulty and complexity the aware am of I
economy. shadow the and corruption on war effective more a support to also add, might I and country, the principles in economy market consolidate to and law, of the rule guarantee which will economic reforms, and political support Ukraine, to with cooperation activate to intends EU the that stated Solana Javier the elections after Soon
We research the doing spent be should that research funds for applying in resources use that we penetrate to difficult so mechanisms with application bureaucracy, over-burdened with so that are research support systems of have never we that sure make must itself.
interest rates. to raise who those decided of expectations the to contrary risen, than rather fallen has euro the of the value policy, monetary has tightened time it every is, that rates, raised interest has Bank Central European the every time that fact the also Witness
USA. EU the and the in measures anti-dumping about is concern second My
pressure. under Ministers of Council the put to and way this in questions raise Member to course the for of right it is Secondly,
veto. right of the by is symbolised which nature, anti-democratic its and Council Security the anachronism of complete the is, fundamental that issue, highlight a to like would I Finally,
policies. and countries, activities people, among communication multi-directional for a environment the provide seas The
proceedings. legal to recourse without sadly, cases, most in out carried is this since perspective, new a from this to look at time now is high It
standards. the below falling of ourselves risk at continually are we that fundamental, us to seem which respect persons for of standards the to rise to Union outside the others upon we call as remind ourselves, always must We
In begets trade opening; begets opening words, other trade.
Nice. of Treaty the of provisions the under operate to obliged be Union will European enlarged The
floor. for the asked has Pasty Mr
scrutiny. parliamentary and of input parliamentary degree of this have will or have them of structure: none international other any WTO to or the to Bank, World the to the IMF, to EU Compare the
right the one. is Europe to closer Turkey bringing gradually of policy Union's European the shows that This
political asylum. for candidate poor was a he as away scot-free got have well might He
There all other respect as the same deserve who pensioners and workers - beings human nonetheless are them, of many are there and artists, such success; great have not do unfortunately who excellent artists also are there but pension conditions, and movement their facilitate Parliament to European the need certainly not do and famous become very are who artists citizens.
Now clearly sheet is balance the passed, has decade a than more that positive.
workers. of thousands employs and power economic Europe's of the symbols of one is industry European the automotive out that point They
Chamber. this even sometimes in here, happening is what is That
April. in that with Parliament to will come I
amendments. without approved proposal be should the recommend that also would and proposal, Commission's the of favour in is who rapporteur, with agree the I
This of type in this required efficiency from the far-removed very be you would and in long-run the impossible become would policy personnel I think then carefully, up extremely it to weigh were you if words, other this, do in to were you if all, After it. about strict too and be too much provision on this rely to were we if beneficial be not would it yet me, to logical seems too matter.
December 2008. in Council by European the adopted plan, recovery European economic the by supported were know, you as plans, national Those
May. of half second Washington in the visit I when case the pressing be certainly shall I
ambiguous. so be to had it that convinced not I am but report, this up draw courage to of amount certain a it took that accept I
listen? not you Why do
This since Statute Members' the considering been House has 1998.
(Applause)
currencies. their revalue or able devalue to be longer no will they other words policy, in rate exchange of use make to able longer be no will they 2002, in euro the with currencies national their replace and 1999 1 January on rates exchange internal their lock currency common the participating in countries 11 the When
arrive. assuredly day one will reforms the that necessary, so that reforms are the for pressing are that society in forces to those support our lend can way we this In
greater conviction. requires changing and but implementing Europe - in else somewhere room meeting in a it do you can if especially - thing one is planning and Talking
threat. under only one the not is cross-border sector the Nonetheless,
efficient. environmentally and acceptable socially it make order to in systems district-heating improve to support financial provide to the Council and Commission the urge I can, I whenever why, is That
really is justified. whitewashing, its all-clear, EFSA's whether clearly us tell then will Wednesday and on Parliament in here be Séralini will Mr Incidentally,
years. twenty-five almost goes back Spain for which but country, that with agreement fisheries first its signed European Union the when 1987, August since told been has story that a page last of the write will institution our today, are debating we report the on Tomorrow, on voting
future. revision in possible a for proposals well-considered to prepare enables us which functioning, its into insight clear a gaining are we reports, regular Commission's the to thanks directive, and important an is It
Palestine. Israel and both of citizens the among this for need political great a is there convinced that am I
political parties. without settlement peaceful a future of chance is little there as too, here forward move to an attempt in Timor East in dialogue the to possible as parties future many invite as to seeking is Austrian Presidency the that is say I can all parties, political of the question On
bad purposes. and good both for used be can it by man: invented tools the all as same the is Internet The
Europe. future in peaceful for a prerequisite a communism is of legacy pernicious the Eliminating
Mr Voggenhuber. to thanks our reiterate me which let report, for the in been emphasised has that and this, in play role to a particular having as Parliament see I
incineration. waste than other energy of forms supplemented by should be power Hydroelectric
finances. national insufficient the would supplement that funds by doubled and extended be should Entrepreneurs Young for or Erasmus Grundtvig such as Thus, initiatives
EU. the managing of capable equally are countries that smaller prove It will
Commission. the proposed by now procedure the with I agree conclusion: third My
brief remarks. more two have I President, Madam
land register. a nor register forest neither a have to country only is the Greece
authorities. contamination competent the and the detected who operators the between communication of lack a was that there seems it instance, this in However,
finalised. not been has still supervision market financial on decision The
2004. July in Commission Whaling the International of meeting last at the accepted position its get manage to did not It
Regulation. the of definition the in recognised be should businesses artisanal small these that important is it think I
forward. way the regards as broad agreement there is that obvious is It
For be to have our borders when at times effective solidarity European make to need the and areas, high-risk in patrols permanent for call the mandate, agency's extend to the present proposals to Commission the to invitation specific the note I example, controlled.
reading. second for amendments strategic the withdrawing am rapporteur, as I, procedure the of outcome conciliation the After
Parliament. of Members several by discussed been have matters that of variety a on provisions contains elaborated has Council that the draft The
crime? their what was and trial, No
capitalism. to American religiousness, and American to policy, American to Members, Left-wing from many especially hostility, even dislike, and is hand, there other the On
environment.’ or the protection consumer care, health such as importance, public general requirements of the overriding conditions challenging strict very under rule that from only derogate can destination of State Member and the prevail, of normally origin State Member the of rules the to which according philosophy Single Market the with consistent fully is recognition of mutual application ‘The quote: I
extent. some to protected be we will euro, forthcoming the to Still thanks
Union. European the inhabitants to of similar number a and potential economic great with region is a ASEAN
time. long very very, a me seems to that 1975, as long ago since as here adjustments making on working been we have Fontaine, Mrs to according that, hear I When
proposed. been have no changes which distributed, to been has Procedure of Rules of the 95 Rule Presidents to pursuant of the Conference by up drawn as agenda draft the of version final The
here. reiterated has been as greatest the diligence, with act and the procedures, and form on the agree also must we terms, in general do we as issue, fundamental the on agree we if that, remember must we insist, would I but, therefore timely is debate This
issue. fundamental this framework for sensible a provides This
well. as society within necessary is attitude in shift gradual a happen; this to for enough not is Government activity
consideration. little a show to opportunity this used have might you thought I and tomorrow, be here not will Porto, who Mr from minutes two recovered had we minute, because another have me let did not you that extremely disappointed I am
medicine. alternative of are taken views Different
It international with intensify dialogue Union to European the and on strategy its revise to Commission European the on calls and Doha in made was progress no organisations. that notes
internet. the to open access of supporters the certainly please will solution This
often. there quite go to like I and Istanbul love because I this on list, me include today and here said have I what of wind get will not hope they I that saying by to close like should I
Finally, and on Development Committee the in was agreed one that the now is proposal only my - so again appeared have to seem they now although - committee the approved by not were that amendments my of those withdrawn have I comment, last my is and this Cooperation.
of directors-general! % 0 and positions, hold senior staff where A, category of % 20 only but staff B category of % 40 echelons, lower the in employed staff C of category % 80 for account women that see closer we look a take we if but fine, figure seems glance this At first
However, the to service a rendered also person has a whether studied, but has person a quickly how something, done has person a quickly how at not looking and on employees taking when preference participants giving by rewarded is community the service to voluntary this where stage a to get has to also society community.
Even in share of us large number hope I a which philosophy humanist the to counter runs piracy biological domain, this in USA the by made the advances issues against financial and lobbies the pressures, up weigh we if Parliament.
what run proposals these all where the area is 99 Article that is tax, in clear is But aground.
TENs. the on funding the for agreement to regard the with delay long terribly a had, unfortunately, We
year. this just either, years ten guaranteed for is not Agreement Interinstitutional the that Council the I warn would and different, quite will be situation the year Next
68. Article new the in done can be a lot quite that convinced am and I adopted, adapted or be should flanking measures certain that agree I
decision-making. arbitrary to way the open and clearly quantified be cannot measurement for basis as taken a factors Any other
It future create will that investment encourage the shall we union that monetary establishing by is jobs.
It committee the to back go will now.
complicated. more much become relations has international in economics politics between relationship and because the and thirdly power, major economic as a interests Union's the to protect stay alert to need we because secondly ignore, cannot we which conflicts regional violent many are there because firstly Union, the outside activities our to close attention giving on carry need to We
much, Commissioner. very you Thank
met. expectations legitimate their are seeing of Egypt people The
longer term. over the prices fuel guarantee cannot Union, European the we, as costs, but fuel terms of in respite temporary a been has There
coal-fired plants? 'clean' the so-called from emissions CO2 prevent to manage we will How
before. subject on this Posselt Mr heard have I and Chechnya, population in civilian the of plight the about worries of deep our top on comes This issue
states. European into all be introduced example should for solution, optimum the as regarded is which training, Dual
This local even or national on relying than rather policy, European development of in the organizations their and citizens of involvement the to contribute to responsibility their of aware be to first the should be authorities European the subsidiarity, of the principle with line in expensive and, level is European at coordination since approach, is correct the financing.
currencies. most respected of the one now, just mentioned been has as and, the world in currency two number the become the has euro years 10 In
(Applause)
deaths. preventing more of a way and as protests political their in population Libyan the is repressing he that way the given immediately, be destroyed should regime Gaddafi's believe that I as a resolution, for this motion of favour in am I
amendments. those rapporteurs assess to our both of job the is It
crime. no is government the of that than other an opinion way non-violent a in propagating and Expressing
more firmly. even recommendation this certainly repeat will and said you what heard They
and consultations. procedures decision-making to Now
fires. prevent to done being what on was Commission the with here debate a hold we that oral question its in Parliament requested European in the Group the Socialist fires, of the outbreak summer and the before reason, this For
beginning. the is It
infrastructure. the transmission of particular, and, in energy infrastructure a broadly-understood part as of States Member all in investment of management common require solidarity energy and security integration, European President, Madam
It are they long as as conducted, will be elections the how decide to state sovereign each to is up it that still consider but we voting, of type through this occurs electoral fraud some that true be may democratic.
against fraud. fight the in forward step important an directive is This
Not aircraft on standards newer stricter, in time and a regulation but directive, a noise.
(Protests)
once! at things two do ability to the acquire they Izquierdo Rojo, Mrs Commissioner, of rank the reach servants civil Once
product. particular one any with difficulties of case in limit time to extension this an be could there think that to like also would I
percentages. and quantities lay down to and waste equipment of type this of recycling and treatment collection, the level at EU to regulate intended is equipment electronic electrical and waste on a directive for proposal the on report The
have you forgotten. what that is and Europe, construct must that you Europeans for is it but currency, the single of introduction for the markets reassure to one aim: only has pursuing are you policy The
doubt. somehow report I Asensio the Camisón of the spirit with keeping in is this Whether
referred. already Malcolm has which to cooperation, outstanding truly our for Vera Pilar Castillo del and Trautmann Catherine Harbour, Malcolm thank me time, let of that any waste not to as So
situation. this in the EU important for especially are which points three shall emphasise I
quickly. very this explain I can
tools. new introducing consider also must Three, we
decisions. of multiplicity a through again and again said been has and it that, House about agree in this us of All
taken. yet been has not decision the yourself, said you As
part. latter deleting the me, Brantner and Ms by 4 Amendment No this to oral amendment an table to like would I President, Madam
of cohesion. the future on debate the to importance such we attach why is That
future. for the sign good a is haggling that not believe we do but Commission’s position, the accepted have We
environment. difficult very funding a with to cope have yet violence, domestic and sexual of victims for vital support offer NGOs These
networks. trans-European in our intersection of important points most the course of are Ports
I Brok's Mr in and report Parliament's in drawn conclusions the also are those that pleased am speech.
Commission. European the concerns raise to would like I specific point Another
recipes. compared merely have we stand, As matters
author. drugs against war bloody waging a been have Calderón, President Felipe foremost, and first including, in Mexico, authorities the now, years several For - (PL) gangs.
IGC. the to more fully themselves explain also should British the but important fields, these all inside of integration benefits the from excluded be to ought citizens British why about debate British a domestic be to has there Clearly
national states. the various from citizens with meetings non-conventional even in together, hearings organising public envisage could we this, From
climate. investment stable provide more a and reforms programme of India's support would Union the European FTA with an of benefits economic and visibility The
request) the rejected (Parliament
this. of all with deal to expected are citizens Irish
market. internal digital a have not we do but companies, leading have we Europeans, because as field this in leaders are We
Presidents. Conference of the in this opposed he that saying Fabre-Aubrespy is Mr Now,
old. years' now 15 is which the matter, on directive the replace that will text a tourism is on statistics European on Simpson by Mr report The
economy. formal within the demand increasing and appeal its also reducing whilst undeclared of labour, level the will reduce it since impact, positive a have should labour-intensive services and supplied locally rates for VAT the in reduction A
responsibility. on parental regulation the and directive aid the legal year include last adopted measures Key
interests. of workers' view of point from the work undeclared of problem the address does not It
procedure. codecision normal Level 1 the so-called through pass will it therefore and legislators the by defined jurisprudence, be the and Treaty the to according must, act an of elements that essential the I recall process, the of transparency and accountability on First,
well. recourse as of areas other afterwards, the to and tribunal independent the to go can They
information. confirmed and concrete have little that we problems is the of course, one of but situation the facilitate to NGOs those and families with liaise to We try
countries. non-member from unemployed long-term the for income social minimum the limit without maintaining of problem related the and employment, for of priority Community raised problem be must the Finally,
US. with the relationship the about resolution a adopting is Parliament this months two in second the time gentlemen, for and ladies President, Mr
disposal. its at has Union the that tools the main of one We discussing are
place. appropriate most the allocated to be and manner possible the best in utilised be will sources these ensure that to is grants EU use of the governing regulations the of purpose The (HU)
achieve. intended to is kind this of system a patent what exactly and draft this of purpose the is important more far is what it, I see As
Does no have we mean that profile?
Chernobyl. of horrors saw the who woman one by Ireland in up set was Project Children’s the Chernobyl called group voluntary a 1990s early and 1980s late In the
conflicts. grave dangers and new of source a be will the structure that, Failing
people. Kurdish of the fundamental rights the of recognition the for Turkey in conducting is party your democratic struggle the support we that you, are with we that you know Dear Ahmet,
officer. accounting and controller authorising financial officer, manager, resource of tasks the perform person to same the and one enable people who are They
mortality. maternal child and infant, reduce to and women empower to development international targets, the reach to working agencies and operations fund to us allow will Parliament Cooperation, and Development on Committee agreed the by as this regulation, by supporting that convinced am I President, Mr
them. with people the carry can Palestinians that the important very It is
Europe. of identity to the relates remark first The
(H-0497/99): by 12 Question No
Indeed most is countries inequality when rich towards pulled are people know that We putting in. are we that aid of amount the times eight to up be can that go back remittances the and country’s development, their to important crucially is Union European the work in to access countries, poorest of the some from for people that know we acute.
system. the health of shaping the in involved is patient the this means patient; potential the or question in the patient involvement of the emphasis more puts on far which USA the especially from experience, have also we where and overlook, not should we else something is There
development. local support and they exhaust resources not do They
and benefits. social environmental sustainable providing area, Atlantic North-East the in fisheries resources of utilisation and optimum conservation long-term the ensure to report aims The
The the with relations our in experience the problems we on dwells it that in perfect than less however, is, report US.
Act Helms-Burton
field? this in subsidiarity of principle by imposed the limits the interpret should and can Who this? Community's in role the define should and Union can European the if not Who
a democracy. be must Egypt that question no is however, there reasons, these of For all
manner. precise and clear a in proceed to necessary remains it be that convinced may we however it, therefore support We
direction. unfortunate highly a in develop to threatening is presence China's however, problems; without its is not Africa in The presence EU's
enough. good is this that not saying am I
Cyprus. recognised or Protocol Ankara implemented the not has mirror: it the look in to needs Turkey
Two their service to unable are 3-4% which borrowers, of are households million debt.
Internet. the via Sweden in individuals Germany to from deliveries arranges which GmbH, OCC Warendienst company, German the is trade such in involved firm One
EU. the within borders the only for is that money, the part of for only true is this Unfortunately
improvement. been some indeed has that there you assure can I
collectivism. of form ferocious most the by generalised misery to reduced been having country the reflect, really well-being economic improved of figures the what regarding said can be than lot a also is There
increased. have as Parliament duties Our
world. all-digital globalised, the in task a challenging authorities face tax the President, Madam (NL) - in writing.
domains. as high-tech well as industry labour-intensive unskilled both in economy the Chinese of growth rapid the industry to by EU posed challenges the to Rapporteur the by given the focus endorse fully I
effectiveness. measure’s the of study comprehensive a initiate Commission the should that the condition was there Secondly,
November. Conference in Seattle the at WTO the within be opened to about are which negotiations delicate the of framework the within Union European to the useful synergy of creation the to contribute south may the of great nation this with thus cemented partnership that the note to interest not doubtless without is it Finally,
so. now are doing many countries that know we and to participate, asked been have Union the of States Member the addition, In
million. 24 EUR around cost will agency, borders external European the by Frontex, financed and organised naval operations two Hermes, the Nautilus and of coming the months, in launch, The
general debate. the during these amendments examine should we that believe I
I Michał and Ziobrze Witold Danecki, Norbert Wojciech Napierajów, Szynkowski, Szymon cooperation: and advice, help me given have who those as as well Cannalire, Silvia Chioti and Karen Lowe, David including Petitions, on Committee of the Secretariat the thank to also like would Krupiński.
expenditure. in fall means a actually annually 2% indexing at expenditure so 2008, 4% in around be will EU the inflation across of level average the result as a and sharply, rising EU is countries individual in inflation of level the Firstly,
on. go will fight the support, the Commission’s With
eliminated. have been barriers trade National
policies. Union's the of core at the be should Strategy, which Lisbon the to relating categories these down cut figures However, Council's the
was referring. Council of the President-in-Office the which to mechanism rescue the comment regarding one have I
agri-monetary system. by the mean we what briefly very explain to like should I
change. radical produce a to been has commitment his that clear been He has
done? be this How can
membership. EU of prospect the of place the take or for compensate to policy neighbourhood a not accept the will EU joining in interested countries the least at obvious that is It
be Lastly, must communautaire acquis the to law national adapt to parliament Polish the of the efforts highlighted.
creation. cultural cross-European for encouragement artists, of of of mobility art, of education, of of culture, a Europe envisage who us of those are also there but technical Europe, the numbers, of Europe is the There
resolution. a for motion joint the of 14 on Paragraph comment critical a make like to would I connection, this In
situation. this to is end put an money, with participate to are we if that, insist must we vicious and very are conflicts Such in Columbia. see can that We
do? our governments did though, What,
criteria. necessary of the all fulfil to ability its on largely depend will to accession road the progress on Croatia will which at rate The
dialogue. social the in third party an irrelevant rise to give would procedure a such that believe I
agricultural (PL) common the from least the benefit States Member new the that regrettable highly is it me to Commissioner, President, Mr policy.
Code. Labour Maritime Universal first a up draw to need a is there agree that I as report of this favour in voted I
documents. security these accessibility of and existence the of ground, the on informed, be need to people still but forward, is step a This
life. cultural and political social, in economic, their participation and schemes pension and national insurance and services employment, health training, vocational to minorities of access the guaranteeing to fifthly, action; collective take to discrimination of victims right individual of to the fourthly, violence; racial forms of all against fight the and rights fundamental defence of on the Parties Political European the of Charter 1997 the applying to thirdly, persons; legal and natural to all directive apply the to on how and employers agencies state instructing to secondly, legislation; criminal of their cooperation harmonisation and judicial first, to priority: immediate will give quickly States Member the that hope we Council, the adopted by been has directive the Once
fleet. coastal small-scale of the adaptation progressive for a allow was to aim the that appears It
Every dependency energy level of Union's European the dangerous and how serious saying is speaker is.
other. no is there solution, only is the This
The minimum of the amount the as such findings, its on position a of adoption the and Commission the undertaken by study the of discussion a is part guarantee. first
transactions. fraudulent of the result be also could but they states, non-EU of authorities the by or companies exporting by the errors made by caused be could mistakes these that conceivable is It
Commission. to the also but House, this in us to address only not they these aspirations; own their worries and own have their citizens Europe’s
area. this exist in that interconnections of the example one only as cite that I
amplified. be should system supply energy Union's the European sources in energy renewable played by part the that Commission considers the gentlemen, and President, ladies Mr
on Nabucco. discussion large-scale The
We international to and immigrants to citizens, European makes to sense which one policy, integrated an need partners.
roses. with strewn is not path the However,
tree. each olive on aid drop to never manage would they improvement, be an would of satellites benefits technical the Although
basis. individual an on examined be to cases the for requirement of circumvention the or non-refoulement of principle the of violation the entail does not for removals flights joint of use The
57. and 44, 55 45, 42, 43, 41, 38, 37, 36, 34, 35, 24, 31, 29, 21, 20, 18, 17, 12, 10, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 2, 1, Nos Amendments following: are the accept to able Commission is the amendments The
available. resources the limited are by only we that clear is it stand, things As
issue. important this on Europe of Council the with cooperate to Parliament for wish much very would he that and going on, still is it that story, closed a not is this us that Thomas to explained Hammarberg, Mr admire, much I very Europe, whom of Council the of Commissioner Rights Human morning, the this mentioned As was
to all our of good the for be must not legalised are drugs that sure making in resolve our of weakening any that show and "harm and reduction" "normalisation" of words dangerous very to these an end all put to for and once and people; for young campaign and awareness information an undertake thirdly, to common laws; and penalties common to regard judiciary with and the forces police the amongst coordinate to secondly, rehabilitation; for mechanisms proper and controls proper them give and drugs, off come to trying are who people those to assistance give human to level: a more to down it bring But people.
on Kosovo. statements Commission and Council the is item next - The
proposal. of this adoption early towards forward rapidly move now can that we confident am I – Commission the by shared views Council – the and Parliament between in views the consistency Given
States. Member 27 the in processed and information collated of standardise type the to and statistics transport maritime obligatory for goods of by type data of collection the make to aims This proposal
directive. specific disability a have we if services of accessibility have only can we course, Of
Enlargement too taken be however, not, must fast.
banned. not if be denied, should - suggests report the as exports just not and - of equipment of types all manufacture the that and needed are strict that controls believe We
field. this in involved NGOs through mainly funded, projects 350 than more with some success, enjoyed has that and old years soon ten will be that programme a is It
and between debate a starting than rather Council the to questions putting words, other in hand, in matter to the back sitting this should bring we that is recommend and of you must remind gentlemen, I what Ladies Members.
has The taxation from income and pace, additional gathered has economy increased.
charges. these of keep accounts to need recognise the however, do, I
closed. is debate The
At the in stations power nuclear of building the the of subject on silent they were dependence, and friendships political by bound being but problems, these expressed at concern certainly Greens time, the the East.
But the Spanish under year, next this debate to back will come we possibly and remaining time some still is there Presidency.
our citizens? to across comes that how you know do But
Romania. and Bulgaria including States, Member 27 to relating budget first the also is Perspective, it but Financial new the 2007-2013 in first budget the budget the 2007 is only not President, Mr (PL)
families. or livelihoods homes, their or lost have injured are people more million Five
the Alps. of Protection the Convention on the to failure transpose the for explanation other no there is for either, seriously really protection health public take not does Brussels
citizens. the insure to companies insurance the for mandatory also is it be insured, mandatory to is it while companies: insurance the to extend invitation an also and country, same the of citizens discrimination against blatant avoid to steps further to take we endeavour should report, Rothley the in presented that as such of measure, type this developing to in addition that, Parliament, like I feel Therefore,
payments. to the risk increasing thereby without attained be goal must This
boards. and institutions Community's of the work the with matters connected all in guidance and advice to information, right the Citizens have
developed. be to products new allow to safety bounds of the within flexible sufficiently law is Union European that ensure to have we Secondly,
mark. the short of falls of Parliament consultation Ministers' of Council the far just how seen have again, we Once
against. vote one only report this with adopted we rightly, remember I If
education. The health either than servicing debt more on spend which Tanzania as such countries about expressing concern is and plans, its in reduction programmes poverty including is Bank World or
goals. achieve its and strategy its implement to arrangements effective organisational make can the Agency that ensuring for is important document This
also rapporteur. am I which for 14th Directive, the concerns comment final My
roads. the on bottlenecks and congestion speeds create identical that was argued It
text. the against vote the US about concerned is States, Member the like Commission, The
interruption. little my to agreeing for Mrs Lulling to grateful am I President, Madam (FR)
rights? human than principled with less rather are we involved, are interests economic when major that, be it Could
It gone just have we procedure the go through than rather that used have to surely expensive less and time-consuming less be would through.
exceptional. something is this statement, and joint a with determination, with field the entered now have Parliament the European and Parliament Pan-African The
initiative. the regain to trying people, of wishes the the against again are, once guidelines their out carrying forces the political and of industry captains Europe’s
Let action external the from come of will that billion 3.3 overall, and, billion at 5.5 EUR the need estimate we again: once figures rough very few a you give perhaps me heading.
course. in due achievement concrete into work of areas broad to translate those order in – paper the commissioned have we why is exactly that House this of to Members suggest would I Again,
apart? far so States are Member of the positions when the agreement brokering an in succeed actually you how can asked: also they Summit first to the view a With
area. this in mismanagement Canada's for pay to made be not must international waters, in operating fleet, Community the and zone, exclusive economic Canada's in lies Bank Great the Terranova of 93 %
remain. obstacles Two
market. internal the of principles and environmental interests with the breach in is amendment of the aim the groundless and are reasons His
September. 11 of events following the especially priority, a and issue key a it is believe parties both occasions, previous on stated As
report. of type for this stipulated vote block single to the due Chamber the in report this vote against to the PPE-DE, of delegation Italian as the us, compel which S, recital footnotes to the of some in references, inappropriate of series a contains nevertheless report the of version the final right, EU a fundamental is Community citizens of movement free the that namely report, the on rapporteur shadow capacity as Democrats in my European and Democrats) Party (Christian People's the European Group of the of behalf on express that I position and conviction political notwithstanding the and report, Vălean's in Mrs points key many on Affairs Home and Justice Liberties, on Committee Civil the groups within political various the between compromises reached some Despite
Conference. forthcoming Intergovernmental the at improve to we intended that compromise a to accept forced were We
The to 3 in Articles are really points important most the whether is 8, that to Articles 3 to relationship correct a in is Article 9 whether is question the but itself, comitology not is problem 8.
data. terrible and chilling provided has Conference The Stockholm
should international an with matches football security enhance at to as so possible as effectively and well implemented as can be that these so activities, in its UEFA the and associations supporters' sports clubs, involve closely to points information national the urge to like also I dimension.
correct. is definition that our see will you carefully, report Commission Brundtland the read have you if global but perspective, a of significance the again once emphasise I
waters. stormy now in are relations Transatlantic
necessary. where its suspension, for allow to and possible as soon as impact assessment its of an for provide vital to was it industries, canning and processing fishery product the European not harm does and populations local to benefit genuine is and of wealth, jobs of creation the for allow which should derogation, that this ensure to order in Indeed,
past. the in has it done than benchmarking practical this on line harder much a take to Commission the ask would I
effectively. victims accident protect to as insurance so motor of field the level in European at provisions establish need to raises the It
other. with each consistent all at not are contents whose - notice a directive and a proposal for - a documents two presenting is Commission directive: the a for proposal the with consistent is not The notice
1985. in bought Monsanto that laboratory a of President Defence, the of Secretary US is Rumsfeld, Donald there Then
can. I way any in cause that serving continue will I
on paper. only exists often sadly, that, something is Union the European freedoms underpinning four the of concept the seems that It
decision-making If appropriate and an approved here as it recognise to possible it is that see cannot I rights, human such for respect no has clearly Rights Human of European Court the body.
States. Member the in monitored situation is which health the in ways the monitor to a group up set must Diseases Infectious for Centre European the but laboratories, own national their with are equipped States Some Member
question. in countries two of the representatives the to invitation of letter send the to June 9 on decided – House this in us elected by democratically body a – Presidents of The Conference
Council. the of hands the in is it subtleties: complex of discussing matter a is treatment that equal believe not do We
The for public aid grant to decided been has it when given, be should it rather how but provided, be can whether aid with deal not does therefore report transport.
policy. environmental in cohesion of example an indeed this is think I million, and 600 1 ECU for accounts about assistance this where regions 1 Objective the in e.g. investment, environmental substantial already very promoting are funds structural the that forget must not we Finally,
stands. it as perfect than perfected rather of being capable is it progress, but some represents It
vote. the item is next The   
27.
7(a). Article under comes particular instrument this remember that should We
costs. reducing at aimed the workforce, reached with be also agreement can an manufacturers, some by shown has been As
efforts. for their rapporteurs shadow the all thank to us and between cooperation the on and efforts excellent her on Meissner congratulate wish Mrs to I
continent. of our reunification the preparing in achievements by your primarily your presidency judge will We
harmonised. be to violence of crimes event the of in compensation for asking we are 31 paragraph In
exodus. rural the stop will that further instruments must develop we agriculture, our of and desertification obliteration the to prevent order In
I abbreviating by time save might we afterwards, thought that it.
distributed. been Groups, has the by made changes for the proposals containing December, 4 and 3 of sittings of the agenda the to corrigendum A   
it. to debate here are people few and very report Inquiry's of Committee excellent this have we when it, about doing are we what about talk Union and European the in fraud rail about and home go to us ill behoves it think do I But
one. from withdraw choose to point some at might who or sign agreement, an not to chosen that have companies by manufactured products into displaced simply is not activity smuggling that ensuring important in is which manufacturers, all tobacco to applies legislation Existing
offer. must Government French the that solutions the sensitivity offer to necessary the has currently Vaillant Mr think that do not I
them. implement to needed factors the on and and businesses citizens for Services pan-European eGovernment for requirements the on focus will which 2005, February and 17 18 on in Brussels place take to due conference a by of Commission of organisation the acknowledges also the Council Programme, IDABC the of preparation the in Likewise,
it. enforcing are they that check to airlines monitoring the been has and States Member the by enforced being is it that ensure to closely watching been has Commission 2005, the 17 February on force into entered regulation Since the
policies. development own their on themselves ACP countries by the made choices undermine the could also equals, be of to we want that partnership a destroy to potential the apart having from which, objectives and conditions unilateral of imposition the call for systematic the Firstly,
States. Member the with rest will guidelines integrated implementing the Responsibility for
trade. retail the on Paper Green long-awaited this produced has finally commission the colleagues, President, Mr
extended. artificially be must not they other words, in – duration appropriate of be must that they and well-founded suspicion is where there only commence can OLAF’s investigations how recall We
Conference. Intergovernmental for the drawn up has it which paper the in step important an taken has presidency Irish the view, point of Parliament's From
Growth Pact. and Stability the of abolition the for return Europe to in payments net higher making worth is it that even believes Germany
situation. Pact the new to Growth and Stability the adapt to intends latter the how Commission, the of behalf on explain, to for him helpful very be it would believe I
look not like. should democracy EU in what lesson a currently receiving are we that convinced am and pro-European, passionate as a here speak to rise I Mr President, (DE)
million. 300 like EUR Policy would Consumer and Health Public Environment, on the Committee The
industry. of European this competitiveness the to increase aims which approach Commission's in the implicit is sector aerospace the employment in of level the of question The
contracts. public transparency in trade and facilitation of investment, competition, namely issues, 'Singapore' the Thirdly,
tariffs. much roaming lower from profit could workers and consumers 2007 summer in or summer before that I believe, means, that and into implementation directly go will it accepted is regulation this Once
line. Parliament's follow to opportunity the seize really now etc. transport, animal criticised have which governments the whether see to interesting very be will way, it the By
Athens. in as as well town, home my Bergamo, in same is the it warm, and and spring-like wonderful, is Strasbourg in weather the 2005, however, Today, 26 October
heading. this in million 21 totals which the margin using it fund to decided therefore We
I disagree. welfare; animal incompatible with is competition that suggested issues and trade emphasised Holm Mr
applaud. or welcome I that something not is institutions European the for crisis major time of at issue a this on vote to decided that fact Parliament and the symbolism, about is things, politics other Among
process. 12-month a be will probably of what start the is that today everyone remind to – and between in somewhere or 1.24%, or GNI, of 1% should be ceiling that – whether the future in Europe successful a see wants to who everyone of aspirations the meet to necessary amounts the concerns The first
The European the on security of our aspect essential an thus is demilitarization and disarmament for continent. campaign
followed. is the by today EP issued opinion the that event in the decision, final the be making thereby will it and law, Community to contrary today approved report the to declare has that European Communities the of Justice Court the of be will it it, remedy not does the Council If
outcome. democratic a guarantee do not same events the Nevertheless,
I plenary our of ahead well as as Directive, Toys the on vote first reading of the ahead negotiations the connection with in Commission the by made commitments the have concerning I that questions of couple a to put opportunity this take to like would vote.
The against strongly stand my opinion in must EU that.
unfair. is it justified but is reform this Mr President, - (PL) Group. UEN the of behalf on
work. their for people those and congratulate thank to also like would and I characteristics, specific their and regions and ultraperipheral departments overseas the of problems the of institutions Community the in raised awareness initially report 1987 in that that report was It report. Ligios the through notably departments, overseas the speaking for of honour the and opportunity the had have who me before others obviously have been There
House. this of credibility the of yardstick is a station nuclear power Temelin The
Together need structural we Pact, Stability firm a with reforms.
emphasised. must be auditing and supervision professional proper importance of and the projects evaluating and information providing terms of in the EIB upon made be must demands Greater
this. to delay circumstances no under and cards prepaid banking and direct as such innovations technical to adjusted to be money laundering combating for system European existing the for call to right quite therefore it is advances, technical enormous of the view In
legislative term. this end of the by this package on discussion the conclude to willingness the Council's indicating for and attitude his constructive for Borloo thank Mr firstly must I President, Mr
natural destruction environments. of or pollution cause may which planning policies and regional agricultural of review the require both they since Directive Nitrates the and Directive Habitats of the both true is This
approach. E3 Troika Union European the around united firmly remains EU that confirmed the 3 October Council Relations of External and Affairs General the of meeting The
21 Saturday October. Baghdad, on in woman a death of to stoning the namely women, to relation in of news piece tragic further a received we last weekend, since, sadness, of touch with a so do even I report, though Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou's Mrs endorse to floor the take gladly I and gentlemen, ladies Mr President, (IT) - Group. PPE-DE the of behalf on
A the to transfers national of reduction the would allow level European at collecting taxes some treasury common European EU.
concerned. the regulation of provisions the of application the to harmonising and States Member various the among coordination the strengthening to view a with – very recent is which 2006, 14 September and 2005, 2006 17 February 19 May on – bodies national control the meetings with three organised has Commission The    .
Shame. of Wall the with and Bank West on the settlements with the Jerusalem, East of occupation the maintaining with the borders, of final the status of determination unilateral a to is linked other hand, the on Security,
Perhaps Property World Intellectual the through level, at international only envisaged be can period the grace concerning initiative a legislative hearing: this following drawn be can conclusion important initial, one fact that remains the mistaken; persons were these all Organisation.
However, become not do consumers that me important to also is it victims.
support. our has which and information, for time important an at fundamental, document, indeed important an is which report painstaking and his long presenting in clear it made he his introduction; in say so to right was Herman Mr commodity. a even not it perhaps is old and commodity, not any is President, Madam information
flagship policy. a is the EIDHR us for that stated often have I instrument, rights human and to democracy the regard with Finally,
union. political about be it will tomorrow single but a currency about all is today Europe that citizens understand our all make to have We
badly. behaved Commission has Brussels the business, this whole In
them. towards policy an inclusive and establish territory its in residing nationals third-country of treatment fair guarantee world, must the around rights human of Union, symbol a European The
By be return can higher a aid, with financial in this tying necessary, if and, regions relevant the for plans tailor-made develop to them allowing achieved.
House. the of side from that come has the that paranoia for fascination my express to also and Brok report the support who those to voice my add would like to too I President, Mr
joys. common tragedies and events, small big life, everyday history, and culture our of memories the of preservation the heritage means this of preservation The
Commissioner not just is it but area, Schengen the join to Romania were and Bulgaria if be would it marvellous how consider drily well may Parliament majority in the while is, acquis Schengen the sacrosanct muse how idealistically well may Malmström realistic.
Public and democratic is it Rather, not dangerous. is scrutiny efficient.
out. point and others you as approach, this take to has Parliament that the is it Parliament and European the in here is it Now
solidarity. assistance and you for beg I people, these of behalf On
health. public of issue raising the his in namely good cooperation, report and good a for Maat Mr thank to like would I President, Mr
Commission? European the or ECDC the WHO, it the be Will
Europe. for consensus seek we when refer which we to opinion, public on matter this of impact the underestimate to not as so principle, precautionary the adopt to Commission the and Parliament prompt should our resources of than 1% involves less reality, in that, issue an by up debate stirred that intense the the fact highlight to intend I vote, explanation of With this
Sea. Baltic the impact on the of knowledge our increase we that vital is it too, the thrive future in to communities our rural enable growth and safeguard to order In
measures. support these we that reason for that it is and them, over rules who the dictator of madness the for be punished not should people The
Our concrete more a making task of the them we gave and suggestion a with this part precisely, more or, this project addressed colleagues Polish proposal.
year. financial 2007 the discharges for the about nothing is there but MEPs, of immunity the on reports important about read can the - I April 24 to 21 of plenary sitting the of the preview preview - press the at Looking
exclusive. mutually things are those that who think those between growing been gap has how a recently noticed have I
over-regulates. it because the Commission criticises then Parliament same the need and not do we which regulation for – case often the unfortunately, this is, and – Parliament European from the come demands if no I say also shall not and necessary are which regulations for States Member the of ranks the from to demands no say shall We
questions. fundamental number of asking a be also should we then development activities, technological and research EU's the on report annual 1997 the debate to are we today if Mr President,
here. role important an play to Parliament European the expect I
If existing the dismantling by face Asturias of could which the region losses economic the prevent order to in project, a such be cofinance to prepared Commission the would legislation, to Community conform which and areas natural all respects which project new a with it present León y Castilla and Asturias of regions the pylons?
Additional tax through and power stations the by provided is strength economic revenue.
changed. has certainly Europe situation in demographic and economic the breastfeeding, are birth and/or recently given have who workers and workers pregnant on directive first the years after Eighteen
work. their for payment single a than other international rights have no who performers, audio-visual for same the do not do and radio organisations broadcasting even to and and producers performers authors, musical to protection and rights of range enormous dedicate an and Conventions Treaties (WIPO) Organization Property Intellectual World the to why understand hard it is fact, of matter As a
levels. actual production with line into be brought quantities guaranteed the that maximum and 60%, to 50% from be increased should not percentage overshoot penalty the that Parliament: by made requests important most two the for the reason also is It areas. these of fabric social economic and the preserve to order in production cotton maintain to essential is it that means This
meeting. informal to President today's the inviting about censeo ceterum the statements, many in mentioned been has that censeo ceterum the of question a is make. It to point more one have I regard this In
The the of instead or Canada Australia USA, the to migrate workers qualified highly majority of vast the that is trend current EU.
Parliament. by suggested as 20 and outside, Community the within which of years ten least at years, 30 least for at used have that been those mean we medicinal herbs traditional by that, the fact to attention Commissioner's draw the We
services. development and research of procurement the in by traditional methods been hampered has sector public The - writing. in
You against Sharon of friend a are Arafat.
priests. Hungarian by exclusively they conducted are and Hungary, in communities Slovak all in Hungarian in are only conducted services Religious
in The Copenhagen in completion to brought be planned, as can, Union, European the time within our in the greatest project, this that solid expectation a to have us enabled possible and negotiations in breakthrough the has made together institutions three the by pressure exerted December.
crimes. such from protected be must who for children, something important do can international we that level and EU at together working through is It
We and hatred incite not than more often comments that such given homosexuals, at politicians aimed by comments discriminatory to object violence.
code. penal a European want course of not we do that say should I same time the at But
creativity. and potential utilise its fully industry the help also must which supervision, financial of objective supreme the constitute markets financial and stable industry financial effective an Consumer protection,
I Member EU all appropriately in implemented will be Regulation amended the that hope do States.
backwards. steps two and forwards step taking one are We late. too them took we always that knows, here everyone and I as do, well as You know
decision. a for positive moment right the have reached we February, 16 on by Coreper agreed text the with that, believes Commission The
himself. the Ombudsman by up taken been also matter has The
More certain also and bureaucracy, less hence action, of freedom simpler and need greater enterprises and medium-sized small our funding, targeted and incentives of raft a than guarantees.
thing. good a is also That
services. those about critical less bit little be a also should we I and action think our massively supported and immediately States the Member that think I this. demonstrating has been Commission the think I
area. this in jointly act should we that crucial are and drink-driving combat to that measures believe I
lines. budget and bases legal small of number the limiting of s Commission' policy the with line in is line budget a single to linked base legal a common Finally,
for derogations. arrangements create than rules European common of within framework the to move workforce a for better still is that it perception the is reason The
blamed. be to we not are blame when the taking not at better Europe gets that important very is it think I
the retained. aid should of marketing mechanism essential the that firmly, equally and demands, suffer might farmers overseas which revenue of loss any for compensation total of favour in heavily down comes report the regions, those some of in plays cane sugar of growing the which and role irreplaceable Emphasising important be
snare. a mind to is my here, as envisaged charge, of free vehicles back Taking
our Community. occur within they when even these incidents investigate to hesitate not will we that job, and their doing from prevented are journalists where or the disabled against discrimination investigation as such thorough requiring matters on back hold not will we that opinions deliver to have often whom we those against countries all show will we way this in and us, stop to nothing there is here and all are We
strategy. improvement safety aviation a Community up draw to a remit with group working highlevel by a recommended measures of series of a the first is It
hemicycle. the inside telephones mobile of the use of prohibition the concerning yesterday made Fontaine, President, Mrs. the comments which to the refer to wish President, I Madam
fighting terrorism. in engaged those or terrorism the of victims to little support offers very and misery, in people their keep that continents many on corrupt regimes those to opportunity expose the misses - Israel it and States United the - left the of targets current the at swiping Whilst
region. Finnish the out, for the pointed speaker as case, the clearly quite is that and role, a major play islands which in regions many see we European Union, the around look we that, when correct quite It is
experts. my by at looked question this having currently am I In case, any
plans. restocking management of and the preparation in involved sufficiently been not have fishermen Canada, in seem that, also It would
ended. now has mission, which the of deployment the in interruption 12-day a was there that reiterate to would like I Mrs Martens, them among Parliament, of Members several from question the to response and in mission, this deployment of As regards the
citizens. its for support its in weaker but business towards bias with a in industry and trade in strong been has Europe
Five still are used which book-keeping of fundamentals the developed monk, Italian an Patchioli, Lucia Mr years ago, hundred today.
people. young exclusion, including from suffering people 1 million approximately to provided is assistance year each that This means
2007. January 1 as of Commission the of Members become full thus will Orban Mr and Mrs Kuneva
as follows. is 2007-2013 period the for regions outermost the situation of the 17 December 2005, and 16 from dating Council agreement European the of basis the . On   
Israeli side. the 800 on almost and side Palestinian the on victims 700 2 than been more have there Intifada, second the of beginning the that, since is that irrefutable and be to believe which I fact one is There
unfairly. treated not be should years recent in tough market to a agriculture their have exposed reasons, various for which, countries that those believe also We
My speaks which party a is party plainly.
debate. this to contribution its for and here tonight its presence for vain in look I amendment the but supporting join in us to Party, European People's the of Group the Parliament, the of right to the appeal would I
strict. very are rules Member State, another Germany, In
fall. it help should Union European the and later or sooner fall to have Burma in as regime the regimes such that am I convinced
should another in services provide country, third a from come if I I, How country?
debate. further requires which is something this Perhaps
diversity. for respect of and minorities the protection thought, of freedom rights, his and individual the for respect Democracy,
funded. be to is how Parliament research on and Council to the proposal your making before us with thoughts some share to opportunity the to you give is today question oral this behind purpose Commissioner, the
That 12.40 until vote to us enable will p.m.
he wanted. what got has He
limits. time proposed including leasing, aircraft to apply that conditions and terms for the requirements the stricter and airlines financial of health the of issue the this is Alongside
business. of order the is next item The
wildlife. well as as beings human to other approach sensitive a with products applied have always I
however. law, competition to with regard taken must be Care
complete. is interests of register My colleagues'
years. 100-150 next the for and survival competitiveness our of foundation the but year plan, five-ten a not only is Strategy The Lisbon
management. improved and effectiveness, reduction cost coherence, to with regard first package the shortcomings of the solves it as positive, as proposal Commission the Energy regards and Research Industry, on Committee the President, Madam
company. private European a for Statute on voted the we afternoon, This
us. to was opposed committee the of majority a points these but on aspartame, the sweetener with associated risks the of thorough investigation more a seen have liked to have should we and resistance, increased to lead may use such since foodstuffs in antibiotics use of the ban on a about bring to liked have also should We
amendments. suggested your the direction of in go which of some proposal, original the to introduced been have changes many preparations, Council the of context the held in discussions During
We verifiable. quantifiable be should guidelines the that consider of us most and required are results concrete that agreed are all and
Commission. the by guidelines provided the with line in manner, coordinated a in this do should we that agreed of Government and Heads State the March, 1 meeting on their At
cross-party would unanimous virtually a with Environment, the on Committee the in text the adoption of the to contributed undoubtedly commitment rapporteurs, whose shadow the finally and phenomenon; the of analysis and exploration my furthering in conscientiously and enthusiastically me supported have who staff, my next topic; the of study meticulous detailed, already report an and draft inherited the I whom from Republic, Italian the of senator a now Bortone, Adriana Poli colleague my by begin thanking I consensus.
We of all of part the on commitment ethical and watchfulness measures, and preventive punitive necessary the legal above and over requiring, environment, healthy a restore to action for need not a is there if ask ourselves therefore must us.
existed. never have them of some be that It may
Once easier imagine can I President, again, tasks.
Europe. in rights workers' in progress any oppose fiercely who of those position the with themselves aligned have Commission and the Council The
necessary. is broad-based approach a Such
(The 5.35 resumed at and Commission the to Questions awaiting p.m. while 5.20 at suspended was sitting p.m.)
initiative. new this in involved be should the Commission that firmly believe I
market. free energy the and trading that emissions between and states, individual of interests and fiscal the trading emissions between relationship generally, the States Member the among sharing burden of factors competition-distorting the there are Then
that. doubt about little is There
comitology. on the 1999 28 June of decision the with inconsistent be would procedure this that view the takes Commission The
report. evaluation an produce ready to is the Commission precisely, more effects real examine the to order In
essential. are reforms that clear been has the it latest, States, at Member new ten admit to decision since the Ever
However, utmost the of is aid our humanitarian of quality 'The said, Georgieva Commissioner Kristalina as importance'.
The of one televisual the very often is hunger of perception public's famine.
debate. urgent and topical the of part as debate minute four or three a to tension crisis and of time in a Union European of the state applicant an should treat we unacceptable that is It
You, been have measures 82 solution that have said Council, the of President-in-Office Mr proposed.
In now it as situation freeze the to divisions, these of widening the halt action to any even take not does in and Europe divides social the to bridge all at nothing does it simply because expectations, people's meeting from far is package social view, the my stands.
priorities. wasteful and old on less spend to EU the for an opportunity offers austerity of age This
Not solid. are links economic our and values, and interests common share also we links, but cultural historical and know, close all we as have, we do only increasingly
demand. drug and supply concerning provisions legislative the to regard States with Member its and Community the between powers of allocation the prejudice not should task This
The have touted benefits the much but now, by visible more become have may Lisbon of drawbacks not.
step. that yet not taken has Guatemala practice, exploitative but and inhuman this eliminate to order years in in recent laws their amended have region the in countries the All
of Europe. unity the of symbol new a be will The euro
Europe. sustainable more support a of in buildings of and performance the improving energy towards done has she that work the on and report, significant a such into put has she dedication and the work hard all on Ţicău Mrs congratulating by begin to also like would President, I Mr
service. press of the reorganisation the do with something to to have seems that something all, at reports no there were morning, this 11 Until
markets Livestock Subject:
media. on the circulate often noted, should be it which, documents of the publication and meetings' 'closed to relating confidentiality infringed governing are provisions cases where in for provided are and sanctions threats Similar
responsible. more be to and things, doing certain avoid to differently, live to people tell merely cannot we concerned, Aids is Where
with. dealt has been directive drinking water the as soon directive, as framework a of form the in legislation means now, which action is time for the that water our problems with many so are that wish there could one as clearly as shows Agency Environment European the by latest report The
traffickers. human prosecute the to able be will never we victims, for protection Without improve. also trafficking must human of victims Protection for
public. the consequences for negative have to used which legislative procedures, prolonged and complicated excessively avoiding act, legislative a in aspects detailed more update or regulate to or gaps fill to simpler and quicker it make will thus It
processes. reconstruction the in involved women are concerned, is work future where that, ensure to care take to Council the of the and President-in-Office Commissioner the both therefore ask would I
markets. the financial of insurance and the banks supervising for agencies European independent to create need crisis the was the from derived consequences the of One
2020. by double again once to expected are since and 1990 doubled almost have they increasing; rapidly are emissions transport Air
government. the and community Tibetan the with contact close in developments these been monitoring States, has Member EU the of embassies the and Kathmandu in delegation its European through Union, The
blank cheque. a services secret his give we will circumstances no under but tax havens, denounce to Bush Mr for wait not did We
reputation. EU's the on effect a negative had has external policies the implementation of the that question no can be There
better. them work make can we social partners, the and States the Member Parliament, the European with together that confident I am and with you issues these discussing to forward look I
prevention. accident boost to major a with them bring will available currently Assist systems Brake The
That further universities and in interested so is Union European why the is course of education.
countries. developing the of debt the off and writing tax Tobin the mean - I detachment resolution Parliament's of and objectivity the some of away take view, our in that, amendments few a and certain paragraphs however, are, There
borders. the external monitoring better by our responsibilities assume to able be must we borders, internal abolishing our of principle guarantee the to continue to we wish if Consequently,
very effective. be to has lesson This
supports. fully Commission the which industry, European advocated by this consistently approach, to according conceived was regulation draft The
region. the in developments political consolidate to help will its implementation and document the that hope I
banks. European check to it wishes which through stress tests and the scenarios the published authority banking European new the March 18 on President, (SK) Mr - Group. EFD of behalf the on
look after. and cared for are men our fellow of all ensure to responsibility a have all We
It that. cause good a for budget the under-spend in traditional our of some use to equitable more and better far been have would like
ones. extremely serious are dealing are we which with the allegations gentlemen, ladies and Commissioner, Council, the President-in-Office of Mr President, Mr   
session. plenary this for determining agenda the agenda: the on item the now is all, this vote. After the to Friday coming this vote not do we that request the put to possible is it not or whether is for asked all I President, Madam
(VIS). Information System Visa the and Information System Schengen generation second the particular in launched, been have these data of processing the concerning projects several years, recent In
first. taken be not should vote of explanations written whether the ask wish to I merely
December. in ministers energy EU the to it present to and Plan Interconnection Baltic the elaborate undertaken to Commission has European The
the agenda. put on suddenly and officials rewritten by be to report a for questionable highly as consider it would I well, - subject matter definite a has and agenda the on which is report A-0245, mean I has, it number whatever is, that report whatever - report the that tomorrow conclusion the to come will objectively, this examine when they your staff, hope that I and President, Madam seriously, very this take I do
environment. the for care with ecologically and used Swedish are economy, the of backbone the forests, Swedish
under-funded. appallingly are research and where science States, Member the new of needs the at look to ever first the among been who have colleagues, and his Buzek Mr and of Potočnik, work Commissioner outstanding the despite is This
so. not simply That is
monitored. be can the law with compliance that and reasonable is take we action the that ensuring attention to more pay need will to we future in but for, strive should we a goal is environment smoke-free A
football. offside in rule the to changes as important is as moment the at here debating are we what why is and it, that at work can we But
starting-point. be our should That
text) the adopted (Parliament
Turkey at strike Iraq to in northern protection relative of their been availing have PKK, the Party, Workers Kurdish outlawed own its of that elements grounds the on were justified incursions its that argued Turkey.
otherwise. claim we if even combatted, be truly never will nations or systems political certain with in collusion are which organizations power, mafia of nature current the of criticism a Without
areas. other and Chad Sudan, regard to with negotiations peace ongoing their Government in Egyptian the of the example follow should we In particular
Apart should in Ukraine situation current the of analysis the on what across-the-board agreement the welcome much very I that, from be.
the Directive'. 'Shameful labelled wrongly text for responsible a are representatives their that think citizens our let not will We
matter. the of view holistic a creating containing so mercury, products all exports of and imports both prohibits This
bureaucracy. eliminate to trying of flexibility, more of in is favour Everyone
role. important extremely played an always has and project integration the European of start the since there been has Italy
external This an and power public exercising an authority between relationship natural a not was auditor.
subject. the on a published document already has Commission The
wool sector. EU sustainable a have not do yet and we Europe the sheep in million 100 almost are There
concealing. now are what we declare simply we that and its mind therefore change will wing right the that hope do really I and direction, the right in step a take can we Today
area. this in lead the take can must and EU The
being continued. now is policy That
main priority. our capabilities military its Goal and Headline the make to all decided have We
is deficit is protein the of matter the that important also is it and enhanced, is trade in farmers role of the that also important It addressed.
system. asylum European common and balanced fair a to addition strong a have safeguards, will we these With
positive. is itself in and that consensus, result in did Johannesburg But
the funded newspaper. ETA has nor funded ETA, not newspaper has the that and ETA, belong to not do they that innocent, completely charged are people the that says It
respect them. and rights human its citizens' safeguard to responsibility a has Belarus
9.
Β7-0314/2011). - (Ο-000084/2011 Austria in Directive EIA the of application the on Petitions, on Committee the behalf of on Mazzoni, Erminia by the Commission to oral question the item is first The
implement. to difficult proved they have but protection some offer may seasons areas closed and Limited
off. left has rapporteur where the start to should like I President, Madam
And sea benefit short doubt no will Commission the by proposed liberalisation this shipping.
do? we do and Romania, what Poland in specifically and Europe, Eastern in exist jails war-on-terror secret that rights allege human NGO credible a and newspaper credible a if circumstances, those In
candidate. a remain to just not and earlier, to referred Commissioner the which partnership accession course the and, of timetable a specific and a with map road way its on helped be to Turkey for press to want and insist to we want why Which is
do so. to opportunity good a us given has report This law. international principles of the of violation USA's the about discussion current the in again to intervene us would encourage I
acts. intentional also but accidents activity and human irresponsible of because only not arise and times, unstable threats rather in living are We
countries. least the developed, and developing. the are losers The
communication. this in addressed been has of issues these Each
summit seriously. Luxembourg the of conclusions the take to have And we
Burundi. in government the and Forces Liberation National the between talks and peace of negotiations reopening the of hear to pleased very are we Commissioner, President, Madam (PL) - author.
baccalaureate. the took year last who and years three for Brussels in School European the attended that child a of the father am I as School, European the experience of with practical person a as also but Parliament, European the a of Member as not just come here have President, I Madam (PL)
price. a at come communication, and hence democracy, all know, we As
sources. energy on renewable example, for spent, better be would money and this Europe of people the of interests the in be cannot however, nuclear research, into money Redirecting
nationalism. for fertile dangerously ground provide humiliations and resentments of accumulation the mosaic and religious and ethnic the where violence, and wars successive of traumas inherited the by haunted is memory collective the where place a is It borders. disputed and tensions recurring full of region is as this ago years 17 Union Soviet of breakup the the since obvious been has blindingly This
years. many for relations trade good, solid had have Canada and European Union The
agreement? EEA the undermined concerned, were countries EFTA the as far as which, derogations specific with join to were for Poland example, if, any say have they Do
Russia. from signals on the picked up directly - one French - newspaper a one only correctly, remember I If
too. this issue, to attention could pay you if grateful be would I
questions. ask who voters our concern and us greatly which questions be to Strasbourg and Brussels work in building the about questions I consider
entity? European in common the Ukraine include to worthwhile be not it would or later, sooner itself, ask to EU the for partner committed sufficiently a that is activities it and political financial legal, its economic, by Europe convincing Namely,
programme. Leonardo the with along package a within presented was and Lisbon goals achieving the factor key in a qualifications, of transparency promoting the for an instrument is Europass example, For
We its support broadly will and report on her Frays Mrs congratulate adoption.
point. this particular on views different many States take Member The
Europe. in spent be must money the that is point third My
Europe. of a reunification is enlargement This
Among very are abuse child of subject the with deal that report, this those in proposals many the important.
roof. a without a house having like information is for gathering facility and a service intelligence own having our without capabilities defensive own our and policy foreign European effective an However, having
both. of favour in voting be I shall
industry. expanding an from culturally and economically benefiting Europeans is about it 2000; the year by jobs European new million offer one should which industry audiovisual competitive strong, a building This about is directive
coal. indigenous polluting as as is equally coal imported as either, relevant not is argument The environmental
effectively. pursued are policies asylum and immigration common that the ensure to and borders external EU’s the at controls of system the improve terrorism, to against and crime organised against fight the intensify serve to will appropriations, which budgetary relevant the in appreciable increase an proposes report the that see to pleased also am I
that reach agreement. is to task main first their presidency, previous the during Constitution European new the agreement on establish to failure of the Because
improve. would things Partnership, Eastern the of revisiting of a context in the Perhaps,
And Turkey in debate the that help does way what - true in is - which ago years genocide seventy-five a was there that Turkey tell to wish still who those all ask I would and comment, a make will I why is that today?
democratic Honduras. for a positive and decisive be can elections The
peacefully. its conflicts settling for only option the as Europe region into the integrating of prospect the identifies policy, rather or phase, This new
Malta? in Office Asylum Support European the of launch to the comes it when play state of the is what more question: one President, Finally, Madam
it. line with into be brought regulations, to had and directives hundred several of consisting legislation, Union European relevant the of All
mothers. support single to taken be to measures further for or work-life balance for Mrs a Nedelcheva, rapporteur, the by made request the with agree I particular, In
controversial. is employees consulting and informing for framework the issue of this Mr President,
treaty proposals. revised the you are to today transfer can I messages best the course probably of But
however. future, in with be dealt to are its citizens and state this consider to how obligation the of us relieve not does That
made. are laws whereby European process the in transparency and democracy more towards right direction, the in step a is This
necessary. no longer is amendment this then, essence, In
second. its in West and East into division half and first its in war by marked was Europe century in last The
Germany. in them selling as well as Luxembourg and to on Austria then and into Germany Ostend via Vietnam from - mg 20 levels - nitrofuran very high with shrimps imported has firm a that yesterday, presented was which 422, (2002) COM communication in today read We
world. the on to impose determined are Union and European the USA which the neo-liberal system and economy market of the shortcomings the of positive most proof is crisis' 'steel The (EL) .
situation. ideal an not certainly was which the debate, dragged into was too committee scientific of the chairman The
deal. trade free- like a more something to Europe with relationship renegotiate its Britain that should and good than harm more doing EU was the that majority felt clear Europe, a think-tank Open the by commissioned CEOs 1000 than more of study UK recent In a
agenda. s people' the of example is one It
it. perceive we how is that and totally independent, is Bank Central The European
days. last the over registered have I which concerns the to clarify help will this hope I
regions. the in people the and regions our help to us allows it that the realisation to and policy to cohesion support broad your have given you because you, thank to would like I
moment. at lacking the is what exactly that is and development Serbian for essential is investment foreign Direct
do. individuals as same the tyranny just from social protection and action of encouragement, freedom recognition, need Families
report. the in wording the than view of legal a point from secure more considerably is it technical, quite looks proposal our Although
I years to for Commission this will define respond we how that Commission, the of Vice-President as believe, come.
UK. on the impact a disastrous had have would which farming, to totally unrelated provisions also contained report this However,
The human and the environment for respect trade, on fair trade based of kind new a beacon for a become to agreement century twenty-first this like would Free Alliance Greens/European the of Group rights.
The and state aid traffic management, air environment, the consumer interests, matters, social security, safety, including issues of number a on far-reaching cooperation as well as investment opportunities, and rights traffic of phasing-in gradual a agreement includes competition.
detailed. too far is time working of definition the Finally,
them. costing is this that efforts the appreciate I way, a In
applications. care providing social and lives daily their users in older mobility, assisting for and applications home technologies for are the living: those ambient-assisted of area the in States with research Member joint support to programme joint new a was first The
territory. European on maize this transgenic for authorization any suspend to duty it our make must absolutely we responses, awaiting while and, precision possible greatest the with respond today, must, absolutely we distress, that this all because of is it questions, these all because of is It
We water to adjacent vegetation of effect the and microclimates of effect the into studies for urgent call should reserves.
committee. to referral proposes Mrs Schierhuber, rapporteur, Our
concerns. our account of detailed a him give to officials present the ask would I speedy and recovery a Fischler Mr wish I naturally President, Mr
In designed is to it the ground on people the reaches actually aid development that ensure in to brought be must mechanisms transparency appropriate Goals, Millennium the accomplish to properly are we context, if this help.
achievements. these Community take on to able be must door, our on are knocking which democracies new the new nations, the of legislation the and preserved be Community must the achievements of The
scrapped. simply is quite policy agricultural EU's the that and is concluded Round Doha the that is the Union for important priority most The
item. this discuss we when at look we could examples are two because there this say I
What this use may I interference, if some requires it believe I and Danielsson, Mr Dover, than more serious is much southern Spain in happening is expression.
Perspective. Financial the adjustments to on trilogue the of collapse the of as well criteria, accession as the meeting from way long remarkably a still are countries both that fact the of view time, in this at matter the on decision a take to premature would be It
paralysis. and impotence of the disease European with infected been have too they Unfortunately,
this directive. with connection important in very me be to to seems that point one examine to like should I
so. rightly and partnership, strategic of again just spoken Sterckx has Mr
speech. my in indicated also had I which clarification, for his the thank rapporteur I President, Mr
officials. VI of DG part the on pessimism of display irrational an not is % - 15 proposing be shall I - price intervention the in reduction 20 % a that contrary, the convinced, on I am
logging. unsustainable or illegal of problem the of causes tackle to the needed is what of short falls still it However,
aid. State of and destination scope the concerning those are as welcome, are area this in sector policies the on report by made recommendations and observations the why is This
copyright. for framework legal harmonising the to round getting time in its certainly taken has Community The
supply In a water as sometimes and project energy an sometimes as project, an irrigation as presented sometimes is which project of the form final the even Government and Greek the with negotiations ongoing successive studies, of findings the on would depend its assessment that stating answer, definite giving a postponed systematically has Commission the project, this of usefulness economic and environmental compatibility the regarding years last seven the over have tabled I questions number of a response to project.
legislation. new propose continually to need no is there tools and political and effective important most the of one is Legislation
I infrastructure substantial need authorities, large of case the in particularly which, authorities, on local Pact and Growth the Stability of parameters by imposed the limits spending and budget to reference with States Member the of respect in directives issue may it that so position very clear a adopt to Commission the for it desirable consider investment. therefore
States. the United China Thailand, and Philippines, the competitors: major industry's European the from tuna export of processing and the for platform major a becoming thus Guinea is New Papua
Group. PSE the rapporteur for shadow the am I Mr President,
sectors. other in firms thousands of and employees million 12 to living a provides which industry, car the in unemployment safety prevent and road increase emissions, to reduce schemes help EU. Scrappage the within strategy joint on the closely more all focus should we protectionism, and competition fair against measures US to we criticise are If
It shared under areas in particularly budget, European the of 80% over manage who States, Member of responsibilities the to strengthen is further important management.
Europe. civilised a of part be could sex fair the to attitude such with an country a that notion the entertain possibly we can how seriously, gender equality take If we
good ideas. many includes it though even report Oostlander the against voted I Mr President,   
The the inspection of application the for measures flexibility the concerns point third system.
farming sector. dairy the in crisis on the resolution for a motion cross-party a adopted today have we that pleased am therefore I
This this in needed is new directive a that clear perfectly it makes field.
If European are tasks what define to strive to need we also then Parliament, Members of national of consisting level at EU chamber a want not we do tasks.
is needed. Commissioners other with Cooperation
anything. more than Egypt in stability wanted he saying Office Minister, Foreign UK Burt, Alistair there is Or
problems. unresolved deep-seated, are there that indicating clearly relevant, increasingly becoming is topic, which recurring regularly is a security energy European Union's the of issue The
disabled people. rights for increased particular, in and, passenger rights support strongly I President, Madam
Commission. the by presented be will report which the final accordance with in efforts their intensify countries both achieved if be will objective this that the warning and timetable the with accordance in 1 January 2007 on accession incentive of the warning: a and an incentive It contains
Union. European the in States Member countries and our for all identity national less mean not does collaboratively culture European Promoting
these exercise rights? to allowed not are they when rights democratic of reality in the believe to and law the to respect children their integrate and to nationals country third expect can we How
to continue apply. demands, which environmental main the concern not does this concerned, waste is non-inert for exemptions grant to facility the as as far addition, In
policy. security and foreign agreed jointly a and policy, communication and information a control, proper immigration firm policy, cohesion structural and of swift implementation the policy, energy and climate sustainable Lisbon Strategy, before, the mentioned I as concern, objectives policy Parliament's
privacy. personal without contravening necessary, is strictly to what limited be must system the into entered nature a of personal which information to according privacy, to right the especially basic rights, of violation possible any to avoid as so alert remain must we that Alvaro, Mr rapporteur, the with agree I
Parliament. your of majority large a very by adopted was report which Mr Böge’s into agreements – taking account mentioned balanced already has someone agreement – indeed, balanced and acceptable an in reaching luck Presidency next the wish I
financial. merely not is reduction effective poverty to solution the moment ago, said a someone as but poverty, fight to funds more up free to thing good course, a it of is, that say to like should I the to resolution, Further
recognized. never work, are their commitment tremendous to sacrifices, their their great and selfishness, of EU the of peoples the accuse to customary now is it - world the in elsewhere or - in Europe tension erupts social Whenever
Union. the borders the of across cooperation police more promoting of objective Government's Spanish the welcome much I very
country. home their to return their after even wages receive to them tools for provide to and migrants to illegal help available provide to a way for looked we and non-discrimination, of principle the pursued have we where wages outstanding paid can be migrants illegal which by effective procedures of ensuring means the Secondly:
countries. neighbouring its with relations peaceful for determined search and constant the country's out to point like should context I this In
dividends. pay great will efforts continued our and inhumane practice this abolish to a whole diligently as worked has Union European The
desire peace. they time, same the At
with Russia. relations strengthen to priority is absolute Kazakhstan's that stressed participants the All
that. to indifferent not remain should We
Glass. Broken of the Night of anniversary 70th remember the to order in Congress, Jewish European the with jointly arranged we commemoration, which special very a held we Brussels, Parliament in the European at week, Last
to all. thanks my so, And
help. to done be what can see matter to the discuss to urgently Council the and Commission the urge would I and Union European founding for the reasons the of heart the to It goes
Hussein. King death of the on condolences Parliament's European the expressing Jordanian Parliament, the of President the to and family Jordanian royal the to telegram a addressed have I House that the inform to should like I
concerned. parties other and authorities relevant the with cooperation in criteria up draw organization to European eco-labelling a commissioning eco-label by the of partial privatization the is considered being options the of One
of your views. aware Presidents of Conference the make also could yourself as opinion same the of are who and those you Salafranca, Mr
wonderful. all is this said, has been As
southern forests. the characteristics of the view of all in above forests, European the all maintaining of in terms important very are safety and Prevention
such. as recognition enjoys official which Friesian, language, minority a of the phenomenon have we too, Netherlands In the
democracy. order than want Russians more surveys, to according that, of fact the aware be to have We
worldwide. extends shipping European that fact the here of thinking am and I applied internationally, be directive should this that important is it Fourth,
practices. various the between harmonisation greater contributing to each country, within sector this responsible for those at aimed programmes training run It will
p.m. 8 at resumed p.m. and at 7.02 suspended was sitting The
future. the that in rectify can we that hope and guidelines economic policy broad with the Parliament this coordination within proper of lack the we regret However,
zone. the in fleets fishing different the non-discrimination between of principle the on based responsible fishing, and resources maritime exploitation of sustainable of jobs, creation the will facilitate and years three of period a for valid be will Seychelles of Republic the and Community European the between agreement fisheries new The
going through. are we crisis the of origins the to brings me That
desperately! you miss I
deficit. trade of the existence determine levels export where Bulgaria, higher like States Member new some for particularly significance, special of are control and implementation Their
centres. research universities and of large network a has technology. and Jordan science field of the in capabilities significant has which Jordan, to closer EU the bring will it conviction that on my based is agreement the of conclusion for the support My
Why?
credibility. sadly lost has Europe gentlemen, and ladies Lastly,
point. this on answer adequate an will have you that sure make and Orban to Commissioner back report will I that this is stage at tell you can I that only thing the President, Mr - Commission. the of Member
virus. HIV of the transmission the and diseases correlation sexually-transmitted between a clear found Bank World and the Nations United the Commission, the by undertaken study recent A
1999. November recently as Gothenburg as at protocol signed a in globally, countries and applicant the by States, Member our all agreed by were ceilings ECE UN The
neighbours. Arab its of some from greater pressure under and come more isolated even become will Israel be that may It
in Europe. live to going children are our and we how on impact enormous an going have also is to diseases these stop eradicate and to countries developing the in people the to help do we what and inter-dependent, are where we epidemic global a is this No:
invented. cannot it be discovered, be only can information Genetic
globally. competitiveness Union's European the increasing of aim the with area, this requirements in funding establish the therefore must We
EU. the of principle inalienable an is democracy for Respect
EU. the into fur dog cat and of import banning the favour of in lobbied Europeans have million one over President, Madam
Of Article of wording the with keeping in not are they are because rejected two latter the these, 129.
We the in appear Commission, the of the goodwill despite of which, exceptions number the - all at it like do not we - accept cannot we limits and time of extension accept the cannot proposal.
It these resolving ways of and the conflict the in parties the to attitudes different very have States the Member because common policy a have not does Union the said that was problems.
In must that be the procedure is that this and Amsterdam, of Treaty the with accordance in be adopted will adopted act the that basis the on - out points rightly report the Commission's as - considered be matters Such must matters. procedural of interpretation institution's any other to not bow will Parliament connection, this followed.
way. competent exceptionally an in job his College, the performed of support the and support my full with Almunia, Commissioner the Commission, Regarding
animals. humans and for have might transfer a which such health on effects the and animals, and humans to transferred being gene the of possibility on the particular in concentrated they which during 1996, December on 6 the matter on experts external with consultation in engaged committees these findings, own supplement their To
'spam'. is now experts, to many according traffic, e-mail of 50% over proportions: worrying reached has 'spam', or e-mail, commercial unsolicited true that It . is   
development. sustainable of demands the with compatible mobility a for to work commitment a the future, for commitment a compromise is this Commissioner, as me For
remarks. your in saying you been have what closely and following been have I what to add something to like course of would (SL) I - the Council. of President-in-Office
plans. implementing these from refrained has again Romania that pleased am I
policy. monetary a single apply once would installed, Bank, Central the that and Bank Central the not is Institute Monetary the that stage, different a move to a would be there fact that the for allow to the text revise not They did
come. to each presidency for standards sets This
dialogue is. difficult how know we and given, answers the with dissatisfied was committee Our
information. for consumer the of the need and protection consumer both cover and laws guarantee labelling European because unified partly is that and works, principle This
I of dust the and smoke in lost be should not which prize glittering a is Union our for policy defence a that Baghdad. believe
Another other and legal with meets Islam of criticism that any development is worrying actions.
sensitive climate. current the in beliefs of stereotyping Islamic negative afford cannot we since crucial, is This
everything else. of expense the at not is directives introduction of the that absolutely being logical as me strikes It
social ambitions. its achieve time same the at and prosperity increase its and maintain ability to to Europe's crucial are industry the of dynamism vitality and the that acknowledges Commission the policy, industrial on Communication recent its In
shareholders. to higher dividends pay to order in ruined regions and be destroyed to for lives unacceptable is It
share. Union the in we European which ideals the not reflect does content budget's the respects, many in that, say might I
done. is this how am wondering I
We particular this in do we that sure not am I and exist those monsters recognise to that have resolution.
non-member countries. various with the ties trade economic and political, of charge Commissioners the in of responsibility the is referred, have I which to level, geographical at policy the democratization and rights human of Implementation
made. be to has transition that the for responsibility huge have a Governments
improvements. really decisive for basis the provide points to some enough in far go not does it view, however, our In
be strengthened. to cooperation intergovernmental require and would making decision decentralisation of the mean would This
year. last times fifty used over was tool example, this of way By
favourable terms. on markets capital in funding access it to enable to enough strong position financial a and of solvency high level a must maintain it this role, fulfil To
general. in institutions European the of work the but actions just Commission not and sabotage undermine to incidents such use attempt to an attack vicious unjustified lies this behind that fear we Furthermore,
initiative. the taken kindly has Costa Mr experts, for which of hearing a have will you time few days' a in and developments, of regularly informed Parliament European the keep to endeavouring Commission the is Khadraoui, El Mr
because time-scales the and conditions the makes that regulation a approves if Parliament so, do to our ability up to weighing comes it when careful very be to have we standard, the comply with to we want Precisely tougher.
us. of ahead challenges the about We know
life. full a live to able am I and three children my raising am I Parliament, European the of a Member am I now here, am I however, intensive care; weeks in spent and from dangling me, out tubes 14 had foot I to head From
opinion. my express vote to of explanation the use must opportunity, I other no had since I President, Mr
consultation. to service lip than paying more must be It
it. with cope can we that way a in such structured is economy national our but EUR 16 000, of tune the to in is debt my Brandenburg, home, inhabitant of Every
sympathy. of expressions or statements to generous ourselves confine longer no can we of today, reality the Faced with
Europe! successful for a basis a this is that believe I
mention. to had time than he more are there many that him with agree I though described, Mierlo van Mr that priorities the we support policy, foreign subject of the On
quickly. too forging ahead is Fischer Mr
evasion. tax and fraud tax against the fight and cooperation administrative of the cases in voting majority for qualified provided we since progress, of degree a certain make able to were we end, the In
So, no was there fact, in contradiction.
plans. reform the as known are in what designed be will which plans, national be by accompanied to going also guidelines are These
Since with be indulgent please Presidency, French the includes year and next mine, of acquaintance an are you us.
job. excellent an doing is Commission the that say to have I candidate countries. the negotiable with States and Member to the acceptable positions common draft Council to the presents Commission the days when a few within come will stage next the earlier, mentioned I As
violence. of another spark spiral will this that reason, good fears, with population Turkish The
institutions. its of effectiveness the policies and the Union's strengthen there to is it simplest, its at it put to and, is it what clearly very spell out to have We
Community support. from benefited not have which and countries, Mediterranean the in particularly feed, for animal used been have traditionally that species lupin other and yellow you of remind would I
met. expectations and heard concerns our have to way best the is isolation than rather of engagement policy a that convinced We are
satisfactory. anything but is situation general the but 1997, in was visible certain improvement A
Much decades created was network road existing the ago. of
(ESFRI). Infrastructures Research on Forum Strategy European the references to introducing by and status, and definition, scope regarding notably structure, better it a give text and the clarify to help will which amendments many have made you and in depth, instrument legal new discussed the have You
defence. security and of national domain the in retain States Member the which competence, national on based is policy that this fact change the will not it particular, In
talent. Europe's of half represent President, women Mr
policies. health policy and agricultural common the between consistency and greater labelling; food on claims and health nutrition advertising; television on restrictions childhood; from informing consumers example for proposed, measures of the most endorse I
Then in been put has health whose people to out paid be could millions companies where tobacco the as with same situation the in be will we danger.
context. from their as discussions of the content the from much as in opinion, arisen, my round has fourth the in Senegal and Union European the between negotiations of breakdown the President, Mr
areas. these in progress make is to it important how our realise to States for kind of this tragedies other take not will it hope I
You committee to the referral meant Procedure of Rules the respecting that said responsible.
the institutions. each of by made provisions internal and in act legislative a enshrined in be must which transparency, to right absolute down an lays Treaty The
farming. in future their see continue to to are people of young numbers sufficient if fulfilled be to which have demands the all as well diagnoses correct as and important most the all contains Our report
sectors. ICT automotive and the in gains be there would Japanese, the For
As adequate have not does Parliament this that a pity is it previous report, the with powers.
results. best the have to ought customs, and culture very progressive for their renowned which are Europe, northern countries in phenomenon, of this cause fundamental was the inequality this If
Convention. the of work the on reflection this in today take part will who Frattini Minister Foreign Fini and Minister Deputy Prime Prodi, President Romano d'Estaing, Giscard President welcome to like should I
man-made disasters. or natural other and fires forest fight to force response rapid European future of a core the form will programme pilot this hope that We
prosecuted. be should headquarters European their and worldwide be prohibited should Mercenary troops
as cheating. known is this from, come I Where
dispute'. some of subject indeed and the cut less clear is evidence scientific the therefore and dramatic less been has stocks in decline the hake, text: 'For the from quote To
There successful very a is euro the doubt that no is project.
market. single the supporters of start, the from been has also Hungary as all are, We
rightly so. and priority, absolute had Safety
closed. is debate The
as We agricultural matters in codecision of right the acquires House when this only breakthrough real a achieve believe, I will, well.
sufficient extent. a to yet not but used, being are and place in are instruments coordinating and financial legislative, the necessary Document, Staff Working the to Commission According
now. A-bomb by the acquired have would Iran them, not for it Were
moment. the at stand we where precisely That is
commercial. and domestic both energy, of consumers service better to and value better choice, is about it foremost, First and
agenda. policy the social down laid Council European Nice the aware, you are As
with Washington. shoulder to shoulder together, up to face must we which us, before are many challenges Currently,
stop. must abuses rights the human happens, whatever But
operations. resettlement of the costs reduce and strategy a joint create practices, best of exchange the programme allow must a Such
Small structures. of collapse the and conflict of spread and unleashing the in major factor a are and organised crime and exacerbate terrorism to help fact in light weapons and arms state
It full deserves that act legislative important extremely an Directive is proposed the that emphasized should be support.
supported. be should and recovery reconstruction for 2005 in allocated be EUR 100 million rapporteur that the by the proposal efforts, appropriate and rightful comprehensive, of these part As
economies. own their of stabilisation long-term by the pressures future prevent migratory and directly more them benefit that ways in us, with trade to wish that countries to poorer markets, agricultural our including markets, EU open begin to to right also is It
one. important very a is issue as this work, excellent her for sincerely McNally Mrs to thank like I would Mr President,
policy. monetary single ECB's the of conduct the facilitate of and EMU smooth functioning the improve would countries area euro in inefficiencies rigidities and removing at aimed reforms national of implementation successful The
text. agreed final a have we years, 12 now, after readings and and second first at supported has been directive takeover a having of principle The
That every have surpluses we where Fund, Development European the from or 1 Category from be taken can whether they consider but to line, this from the appropriations withdraw to not proposal Committee's the Budgets I support why is year.
president. joint a for establishing Treaty the Lisbon and praised years eight during his Council presidents different 16 met had Bush President that regretted He
adopted. be report the that propose I and you, Thank
   oral Mollar's Hernández Mr accept we that I suggest amendment.
other. the on Council, European the from guidance and one hand, the on Council, the by monitoring in place: measures of series a have We now
policy. neighbourhood normal our to is value added what the is ask to The thing first
support. our of worthy are groups, which minority vital many with its heritage cultural rich about Russia's know more should People
policy. fisheries the common of reform to and also environment, marine healthy a and stocks fish conservation of the to little a least contributed at Parliament European the vote, today's with that hope I
cemented. are that markets not new is that regulation, it this of requirements the through ensured, have time same the at but meaningful incentives, created have we it, in included investment protection the and With package this
of Europe. new birth signalled the year that the since 1989, Parliament this in a seat have held myself, like who, those for particularly excitement, great of time a summit was Berlin the gentlemen, and ladies Council, the of President-in-Office President, Mr - (IT) Group. UEN of the behalf on
answer. can than it questions more raises proposal, however, Commission The
rapporteurs. shadow the by performed work significant the despite possible, have been not would this success Without that,
the President. of presence in speak the to time shorter a have to prefer would Members that getting is am I indication The
unit. effective politically a but area a free-trade not is want we Union European The
A back the on found was Shell against struggle about the report seat.
process. the is That
instead. future the for growth low-carbon create to and countries the developed by taken route economies fuel-dependent fossil the bypass developing to countries for possible it make must We
recognized. is gifts Parliament receiving of Members of possibility the which in Group, PPE the of members tabled by amendment the is matters really confused has What
powers. previous have longer their no markets the financial as sense, therefore make process long a of end the at and sanctions penalties criticised continually The
little. yet achieved has ELN and the and FARC with both opened negotiations, has he organisations: guerrilla to concessions the generous very series of a with efforts, these to entirely almost mandate his dedicated has Pastrana President
to Turkey. say yes to preparing now are Malta and Cyprus and to no said we why is therefore, wondering, am I What
To against vote to community Cypriot the Greek urging and is plan peace Nations United the fundamentally rejects it that said has Papadopoulos by President led Government Cypriot the surprise, everyone's complete it.
members. 25 perhaps even or 20 to enlargement of - challenge historic - challenge the on seizing set is but collapse to European Union allow the to not determined Presidency is Dutch the of head the in that will political strong also a note I with but deal to have you which difficulties the enormous understand I said: just has Commission the of President the what fully behind am I
multimedia. society and information emerging the in markets new up open may and sector business small the industry and to provide stimulus a may with Israel cooperation Technology
settlements. these of enlargement unlawful the on premium put a must not We
profits. make huge and proceeds all the to export them allowing multinationals, US large to resources energy Iraq's handed over have States, which United the by down laws laid the ignore cannot we but Iraq, good of the for invested to be petroleum sales from revenue for the call the endorse also We
subject. the report on delivered its had Parliament even before Equality Gender on Institute European the of the creation announced Commission The .   
music. and science culture, figures in outstanding produced has that nation remarkable a is Russia believe We
taken. decision was definite a before Euratom and EBRD the application to loan withdraw their to decided authorities Slovak the decision, as a take not Commission did that the you remind to like I would concerned, is Mochovce to regard with recommendation EIB the as far As
the I debate on any is concerned are Kyoto as such decisions where major lacking find I what that say and perfectly honest be to have substance.
region. the bankroll than just more do to keen are we since know-how, its voice and for its recognition gain to matter, this in political prominent role a play more to and progress make opportunity to s Europe' be may This
European citizens. all for set respected and are basic standards certain that ensure we 1980s, late the since done been has as rules, Community-level By adopting
The innovative for creating incentives with along target, this meet to who fail those for penalties of system a including emissions, CO2 reducing for mandatory scheme introduces regulation a new technologies.
entitlement. greater no Austrians have terms, moral In
this item. during speak to them for impossible be it will but list, the to speakers other add can we course, Of
qualities. other’s each value to grow we but other’s blemishes, each we see sometimes other, excite each we other, sometimes each understand other, we each know we that true it is but mistress, long-term a the of description like sound may well, which as maturing relationship ACP the see we think I Mr President,   
Union's budget. European the of out financed measures various for the implemented be to are standards international these how of details the out specific working be will accountant chief Commission's the 2005 from Financial Regulation the by required new standards the of introducing purpose the For
countryside. the of fabric the social on impact severe negative a also have will Berlin in approved scheme The
feet. their dragged States Member the when years, in previous situation as same have the not do we that ensure to utmost your please do the Council: to appeal urgent my and request my is then, This,
exist. already fora because the dialogue, for fora need who ones the are demonstrate peacefully who those people that think I not do naturally, But,
shortly. Commission European to the questions supplementary putting for reason is a this For me
patients. to open are options which and do to entitled are what they them telling been not have rights; they their people of informed not have They
freedom. and rights human recognises country which a in might live nation the Belorussian that so non-violent means, by pluralism and of democracy ideas the spreading are which opposition forces, democratic those for concrete support also in but consequences, concrete more have not do declarations, which general with regime, of this condemnation the in only not expressed be to has neighbours eastern regard with to policy Union's continued European that the believe We
2 to 3 December 1984. of night the during people 7 000 over killed leak This
together. act its in getting to go way long a has Commission the know that we is, truth The
citizens. European of everyday life in role important increasingly an communications play Electronic
part. a play big to able be then will they believe I
reform. regarding its forward proposals puts Commission and the of management administrative the which analyses Independent of Experts, Committee the of report second the of text received the Commission the Friday last gentlemen, and ladies President, Madam
want? jointly which we progress make the and us with come in to really institution-building of and lack rights human of protection of lack dictatorship, from suffering been have years, 40 for which, we countries expect can how cooperation police and justice in progress more make cannot years, last 40 for the building have been we which Europe the Europe, this If
extraterritorial One to apply is level international an at behaviour anticompetitive with deal to authorities and mergers monopolies the for way jurisdiction.
States? Member certain by secrecy banking to opposition the about said was Why nothing
fund. MEDA the from allocated be should money how made been concerning have which recommendations of the and Turkey, in situation human rights the September on in Parliament by adopted the resolution of account due taken has Commission the that said also I but favour, arguments in further forward put and this thought I why explained I
soul. and heart European heart: the soul one and one of creating yesterday, himself said Prodi as matter, a is It
report Russa La
packaging directive. wrote the first we when here actually was who people few the of one am I perhaps room, the around looking because, reason one more than for today here be to pleased very am President, Mr I
and Immunities. Credentials of Verification the Procedure, of Rules the Committee on in the agreement widespread with met I believe 9, which and 7 6, Nos Amendments adopts Parliament if removed will be this point on ambiguity the So
international the community. of eyes the in itself legitimising of a means as territory its own on delegation European toothless a prefer probably It would
mobility partnerships. - issue this speak on to Tunisia to travelled she that believe I - Commissioner mentioned The
Rule 146. of 3 paragraph which clarifies 99, No Amendment of intent is the That
development. research and in GDP of 3% invest commitment to their honour must Member States therefore and EU, in the than higher times twenty is which procurement, development and research on year billion per 50 USD spends public sector US The
Unfortunately, do to reluctant very were they so.
Mr top being given now is enlargement that satisfaction with note I President, priority.
style. and systems legal of us clashes at throw will continually e-commerce and here global context in a are We
earmarked. now MECU 33 instead the MECU 39.5 the Commission: by budget approved draft preliminary the provided for in quantity the to returned be to States, Member of waters activities the in surveillance and control in Community the by participation financial the on 2-901, B line budget in all, of First
That premium a minimum and repayment for deadlines the fix which agreements, and WTO OECD as such exist, regulations of whole host a is why rate.
directive. the of core the Safety constitute Nuclear of Convention the of obligations the and Fundamentals Safety (IAEA) Agency Energy Atomic These International
further. travel to now have they as established was since Frontex dying are refugees more believe that organisations Aid
far. thus gained experience the of the basis on process enlargement the quality of the further improve to ways and members new accept to the capacity Union's including enlargements, future of aspects all discuss will this week meet will that Council The European
area. this expand to want appears to Commission but the whole as Union a European the of terms in necessarily expensive not is itself policy The
themselves. help to states these to help need We
Ombudsman. the European of the with advent expected be to was which year, this decrease slight been a has There
p.m. 12 tomorrow at place take will vote The
jail. in ministers are prime former Two
flexibility. for their the DGs from colleagues our thank sincerely to like I would But
itself. finally presented now has forward for moving opportunity rare a sides, both on violence terrible the despite when time a at initiative, of this the significance underestimate should No-one
issue. the language to flexible approach more a adopting are we is right, time the because perhaps or Languages of Year European the due to perhaps that, and ground the getting off are that things see pleased to very I am selected, and were that projects of range the in represented was diversity linguistic Europe' s that ensure to tried I
applause) (Loud
principle. in or fully us to acceptable are amendments majority the of the report, this on Commission's position explain the I when appreciate you will As
It Trade Africa South the of first year the is Agreement.
sitting the of Opening
all about? this is what So
force. into come to have Agreement will Europe the 64 of under Article provisions implementing of package a possible, be to For this
to speak! time have I say that you hear to miracle a short of little is it years, ten Parliament for myself European the of Member a been having that say to I have
of June. end the at expected is policy development future the Commission on the from A communication
Bendtsen. Mr particular, in and, report this on worked have those who thank to like would I firstly gentlemen, and Commissioner, ladies President, Mr
form. current its in cannot continue II Dublin
this. in community sector and voluntary the contribution of the should recognise we that believe also I
resolved. satisfactorily yet been not have microphones example, for radio regard to with retrofitting, technical with connection in authorities local facilities and cultural for offsetting cost of question the and interference problem of particular, the In
year. billion a 1.7 EUR cost over Act Equality general the of as part required were that courses have training Germany in Only
club? the to dues its pay to refuses or procrastinates repeatedly it companies, when and markets their over take France let and bargain the side of their fulfil to States other Member the France should Why expect
late. begins always, almost or always, agenda, our on falls where it of result a Time, Question as this regret that I
June. in matter the to return any in case will and developments the following closely be obviously Council will the concerned is issue nuclear specific the as As far
stuck. we otherwise are because (QMV), Voting Majority Qualified process with decision-making a with up coming in help their expect also But I
currencies. other and of these fluctuations the offsetting and level international at currency reserve a autonomously as functioning of - capable euro the - single currency a for need Europe's underlining yen, dollar and the of by fluctuations accompanied were European currencies fluctuations of the that the fact to especially due was This market. internal the of functioning effective and smooth to the caused those effects were damaging principal the that stress we would event, any In
We the in compromise rational a and find discussion renew to presidency, the holds currently which Republic, Czech the persuade will report my of adoption convinced that am I and Parliament, of opinion for waiting the everyone is Council, where the in stalemate of kind a have Council.
complete. Europe of the whole of freedom the made also has It Europe. Central and of Eastern people the all almost and Germans East the only freed has not Curtain Europe in Iron the of and Wall the Berlin of The fall
6? No Amendment in said has he what to contrary not run Does this
proposals. up these take will Parliament the new that hope I
That particular a against and for arguments published the showing be to minutes short for asking are why we is decision.
better. work could but it well, working is SOLVIT
EU. the for is supply energy and cheap reliable secure, a important how again once demonstrated clearly has just survived have we crisis which gas The
applause) and (Laughter
As same the on Convention the to amendment an of adoption by the followed and Convention, the Basle under taken matter this decision on a incorporate to legislation Community enable will this proposal know, you lines.
fight. this of vanguard the in been always to have European Parliament this of credit the to much very is it Moreover,
sent home. and freed be they should then categories, these two of neither into who fall detainees are there If
Ukraine. was country That
comfort. and travelling safety speed, regarding rules set of own its has country Each
change. climate against fight in the a lever as not extinction and of danger in species a market as carbon the treating be shall we that be sure we can at 20%, stay we if but market, carbon the of admirer obvious an not am am I concerned, as I far As
market. the onto coming are which oligopolies these against policy merger more much stringent a also need We
today. do to is difficult that something is which Strasbourg, in the Court before challenged directly be potentially could law which of area competition the industry in an against Commission European the of decision a be could there example, concrete very one give To
fund. important very this for year released be next could money the that so circumstances difficult be to proved in what possibly can we as quickly and as effectively as worked have Parliament the and committee the this, do to had time we the given out that to point fair only is It
! national Front the and police riot French of the the accompaniment without going Marseilles to to occasion future a on forward look I
field. this in cooperation judicial improve to and of conduct types criminalize certain to joint action approved Council 1997, the January 26 On
As becoming drugs some example, of for or, policy the drugs liberalisation of the of favour in not is Finland state, individual as an and Presidency the holding the country legalised.
allies. important are we says that he - values he Europe States and United the of President new the is Obama Mr Now,
London. in Yun Show Shen the seeing of pleasure the I had year, Last
forward. integration European pushing body political cohesive a as college, as a whole, working as a Commission the talking about clearly am I
of religion. freedom for contempt Chinese authorities' the of proof further also are Turkestan in Recent events
just now. Chamber this were in heard which of echoes resistance, substantial met proposals with representatives' our some of positions: different between ground common represents consensus by adopted draft the course, Of
I this of issues on House this across free vote had a we if thing good a be it would think kind.
a Europe. New for Paris Charter the entitled is and 1990 in adopted was agreement This
now. situation is the as as atrocious been has which recent past its anything in recall do not I but history fortunate a not had has Eritrea President, Mr   
future. our safeguard to thus and Europe stability in budgetary improve to order in ambitious demanding and be must that we convinced am I because vote the during mechanisms these two supported I
next. possibly be will vehicles Private
them. criminalise ideologies that and practices the strengthening and activities or 'terrorist' criminal with various immigrants equating and confusion creating thereby issues, to security immigration of phenomenon the links report hand, the other the On
earthquake. this of victims the sympathy for and solidarity its express would Parliament this if grateful be would I Mexico, agreement with an the of negotiation currently concluding is Union European that the Given
problems. big with area an is mentioned it because just have we concerns the with you I share course Of
current treaty? the of provisions of the basis the on it create to feasible it is example, For an EMF? of creation the to obstacles main the are What
point. latter the on insist may I - ones interdependent all, above and, complex questions of set a with deal to project coherent a is presenting Commission the December 1995, in Madrid in meeting its at do us to Council European instructed the as Today,
encourage. recommend and you that aid agricultural the of flexibility will the to add they since conditions, what under what, and know to curious be would We
versa. vice and household waste, for intended plants in be burnt to waste hazardous to allowing amount would directives two the of integration the to Agreeing
Parliament's information the of progress irreversible and rapid the to in contrast stark is pace snail-like society.
The doubly is sector public important.
some overboard. throwing ballast and little a us giving is doing fact in are you What
change. industrial on information existing of data analysis and information providing by authorities public support could it and and employees employers between dialogue the social assist should mechanism information This
It shall that Pöttering only Mr of opinion the therefore is prevail.
energy efficiency. residential for rate ERDF 4% the of absorption better a ensure required to measures the adopt to Structural Funds, the of use the of review the mid-term out carrying when and, efficiency energy residential allocated to budgets the increase to States Member and the urge Commission I
Food Safety. and Health Environment, Public the Committee on the of behalf on Procedure of Rules the of 115(5) Rule in with accordance resolutiontabled a for motion one have received I
Lastly, at than so more say even would I Community, by the actively supported be which must industry, dynamic and major a remain will and is that tourism steadfastly maintained have who Parliament of the Members all thank and to his work on Belenguer Novo Mr congratulate to again like once would I President, Mr present.
would left-wing or right- of question a as this see mistake to great a be It politics.
It territorial these of account take to measures the important for is disparities.
important. more rather as acknowledged it have stage and political the of centre the closer to little a this to move an can effort make codecision, we of powers exercise our we and portfolio this keep you if Kinnock, Commissioner Perhaps,
To their building thus technologies, use information modern to ability women's improve as well as business, to a start how on information relevant supply must governments this, achieve self-confidence.
after all. omnivores, are We
We were we what of perception society’s to regard flexible with were but us, detail around to the attention paid doing.
Parliament. European the of representatives among elected the from selected have been who Commissioners by accompanied be to nominated person the enable also would It programme. political genuine a present time to enough them to allow next June elections the in Commission European the of presidency the for candidates nominating consider seriously to time is it Europeans million 370 To some satisfy
regulation. this for motive stated the constitutes which of condemnation terrorism total the reservation with without agree Naturally, I (SV) .
everyone. for same the be always they must because obeyed, to rules be the want just we Turkey; on the door closing mean does not That
roads. Europe's on safety traffic debate the about in force driving the be to proving again is once Parliament that controversial and actually not is the report that glad I am this of Because
vote. to you to up now is it gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr
Indeed, large very a contributed has Europe amount.
chemicals. synthetic and pesticides of total absence a must be there as just organisms, of these absence total be a must There
interest. a strategic of sake the China for in rights human regarding situation of criticism the our and rights human sacrifice cannot we However,
the Commission. within firmness, and energy importance, with its has highlighted tourism policy, for Commissioner responsible the Papoutsis, Mr since especially that about doubt no have I
competition. free of situation a in receive assistance, can they where private home or public find a to able be to need to, people who elderly all the want I
improvement. general a to referring are stated we that Mr Sjöstedt
here. is true the same and process, standardisation the of as part down laid are regulations Technical
elbow-room. evaders and tax swindlers gives 1990s the in Dutch government the by created companies foreign for climate The investment favourable
globalisation. of a as result patterns trade world in changes structural to due jobs their lose workers who support to aims 2006, in created EGF, The
undertaking. an belonging to quota of the 10% of limit a to only but up process, restructuring the trigger to able be will growers first time, the For
Question by 2 No (H-0519/00):
professional organisations. and States Member by carried out research to reference made She
play. part to legitimate a has action military that mean only That can
undermining competitiveness. without (FTT) financial tax transaction well-designed successful, a to introduce possible is it demonstrates on shares duty stamp UK's the but tax, a such to introduce best way the be would agreement Global
of Europe. enlargement southward eastward and of the result a as years coming the in roads the on more traffic see much that will we fact the is issue this to attention give to have we why reason Another
there. stop can and Commission the we that mean not does but certainly step small a is it to say, is That
legislate. to is EU which in the way the about is It
one. square from always starting are we as though seems it way, This
Commission. the by proposed as adopted, been have means special funding no that in your of programme, priority a also was though it even lost, been has essentially sector immigration the in burden of the equal division an and solidarity financial of issue the Similarly,
that respect. in States Member on demands making and the process, monitoring has for responsibility Commission the and country every in practice into put be law must The
President. Mr you Thank
consideration. into them took and them into We looked
illustrates. Yugoslavia in quagmire continuing the as peace, promote to taken was action positive no By contrast,
On functioning is whether GSP the investigating on spent be should studies feasibility for line budget the part of substantial a that proposes Commission the improvement: of need in is proposal Commission's the that convinced firmly are we point, one properly.
me. intrigued that else something said also she her, but congratulate only can personally which I for Hänsch, in Mr qualities certain radical discovered had that she us Green told Mrs particular, In
respect. this in hands their in are we problem, the of aspects regards many so as importance, that, crucial is of States Member the of attitude the which in instances those of one is this that House the must remind I regions, island the benefit to Funds Cohesion the is of made little use very that the fact on made been has that the comment reference with to Finally,
report. excellent his on warmly McGowan Mr congratulate to like should I first all of Madam President,
regions. those in sustainability of terms in employment, also replacement create to to invest Europe needs respect, this In
intergovernmental method?' purely a with been have we as on carry not just we do 'Why say: governments to for great temptation a is There reached. were agreement no reduced, if be just not and completely, disappear involvement Community-wide see sorry to would be I However,
opposite. the demonstrate very committee our in report Menrad concerning the had we the discussion and today having are we discussion the believe that I
I in career a make people to young or encourage industry the to streamline anything do or future, the in industry the encouragement for no provide and worlds all of the worst be to prove will de-coupling partial that believe sincerely agriculture.
future. immediate for the challenge major a also represent which neighbours, Mediterranean Union's the countries and applicant the with cooperation for prospects the safeguard and to jobs, million 2.5 for accounts which sector, maritime EU of the competitiveness the preserve to particular designed in appropriate policies, the to adopt need obvious the Hence
purpose. this for diplomatic resources economic and political, possesses Union European The
Moreover, for production of area the in adopted solution the concerns weaken which the disregard cannot we export.
Procedure. Rules of the of 105(4) Rule under is admissible amendment compromise Fabre-Aubrespy, the Mr answer To
I resolving these for basis excellent an provide would region Danube the for strategy believe the issues.
Further 2000. the for later proposal the in dealt with therefore, be should, and urgent less are trade, of promotion the or statistical of data collection the refund, export overall the tinned foods, in used oil olive for reimbursement the as such questions, year
Union. the and countries these to common policy a be policy will relations external Union's the of Dimension Northern the whereby Iceland, and Norway Russia, with themselves agreements negotiated have Council Commission the and The
EU. the approach across consistent more a take and developed, reinforced, should be policies National innovation
approximately years. over three packaging consumer in material of quantity the in reduction cent per 30 a to led experiments know that we and same country, the from I come and You
nation-building. of terms bag in paper a of out way their punch to how clue bluntly, it a put to not, have who superpowers other emerging of knowledge the away from utterly and wholly is it But
unacceptable. is completely again This
negotiations. of resumption the data requested and financial of transfer the on America agreement of States an EU/United sign to refused Parliament European the February 2010, In
practice. in implement to difficult proved always has principle this – end this to adopted been already has directive a and – men between and women treatment equal of principle down the lays law EU While
somewhat mixed. impression is overall our that say would I name, its up to live to far failed has so which plan, this of impact the assessing of difficulty the given and respects, other In
Overall, dangerous a is health directive safety and a from opt-out an that view the takes Group Socialist the nonsense.
President. rub, Mr the is There
prices. energy of stabilisation, a least or at a reduction, to lead could practice, in and, market EU the energy in competition real of creation the for and Union European gas in the unified market a of creation the guaranteeing for instrument useful extremely an be could unbundling Ownership
into EURES. connect to is key the but worthy, very be may Europe, They etc. in Careers Topjobs, Jobpilot, Eurojobs, as such portals, of other list a whole get you Europe', in 'jobs in key simply you If
We the from effectively and successfully work its carry out to able Council is Rights the Human that ensure to utmost our do shall – Council and the the EU as – outset.
The fish of estimates scientific and controls for and sector fishery local the to support used be to is money of the 60% that states agreement stocks.
minorities. of the rights for respect of field the in especially standards, the European to connection its and reform the democratic continue to decision Serbia's on impact will crucial a have it that hoping report this of favor in voted I (RO) - in writing.
On such and employment' security', 'stable 'employment ensure to need of the talk is there hand the other while on challenges' 'technological and 'competitiveness' society', as 'knowledge-based such phrases of plenty contains hand it one the like.
tombstones. be our will Tribunal Crimes the War and Srebrenica Dubrovnik, Vukovar,
they earned hard their of some back get least at should then they problem, a experience should If money.
Health (short fields electromagnetic with associated concerns presentation)
us. ahead of lies then, Much,
. condemnation its expressed session 53rd its in Rights, Human on Nations Commission the United that actually says D preamble concern substantial that for matter a is it But
place. still is taking arbitration while concessions of suspension the prohibit explicitly which rules WTO of blatant defiance a action is This
Bank. World the today concerning contributions their for gentlemen two last those thank I may Mr Almunia, and Mr President, Mr Schmit   
beyond very been have weeks few last the that conclude we can think that I crisis, Greek the Moreover, illuminating.
dictatorship. repression and fleeing people of numbers large for refuge was a Kong Hong years, For many
anything. doing not is Union the European But
direction. right in the point good a starting react, as did Ashton Lady which to Ministers, Foreign and French German Polish, the by letter recent the of example the take I and deeds, to from words pass cooperation, to closer of means NATO to suggest to initiatives, undertake to the lead, take to Union is the of role The
elsewhere. or Union European the throughout workers abuse mistreat or desire to has no and social dimension the on strong very is it, read as I of Lisbon, Treaty the fact In
European these with deal programmes questions.
superfluous. therefore is 39 and No Amendment by covered 35 is No Amendment
cooperation. this to no alternative is There
Member States. new and old into divide countries not do and judgments no make we that you tell like to would Besides, I
instruments. the on agree to is is difficult what but - objectives these agree on not would who - objectives Lisbon the support to easy It is
consent. Russian for in exchange Russia for advantages gaining at primarily aimed is Council Security the on position Moscow's Perhaps
proposals. ambitious put forward has and job good a done has Commission the that Rather, believe I
child. unborn of the rights the and life genuine respect for no shows and abortion to recourse it trivialises because and especially policy, health own its on decide to each State Member of right the therefore and subsidiarity of principle the over roughshod rides it that in unacceptable is that All
it. re-examine to want will Council the that again or with it to bother want will Commission the that be sure can no one rejected, position is common the if because this say I
solutions. political find to others to order enable in lives save to made were that is efforts mind in borne be should that Another factor
Belarus. in repression of cases recent awareness of raise to is amendment this rationale of the Madam President,
reached? conclusions upon the act and society civil and NGOs Churches, local the with together work would which issue, this study to structure a create to appropriate be would it that not feel Commission the initiatives, united does undertaking of capable coherent system a Europe displaying as policy foreign common a need for clear is a that there considering Finally,
a Northern problems in with the shown always have they that sympathy and consideration the for Commission the and groups various the Parliament, rapporteur, the thank opportunity to this take want to I Ireland of region border the of representative As Ireland.
this crisis. tackling to committed who are those all and entrepreneurs citizens, the supporting of capable are there, being of are capable the institutions that shown to be need but us, from measures mere legislative or aid across-the-board expect not do enterprise of world the Europe, of people the that believe I
   excellent her and on work excellent her on rapporteur congratulating by the begin to like should I gentlemen, and ladies Mr President, report.
Members. honourable by question put important the on response detailed give a to time take had to have I that I regret
text. of the drafting final the in participate fully to able be will Members the new way, this In
forfeited. be will the funds or allocation, initial the of two years within States the Member by used be must committed states funds that which rule, N+2 under the falls funds those of part a since worrying especially is This
avoid. must we believe firmly I that extremes two are There
security. external and security internal separating line thin the of conscious be ever, than more now We must,
the market. upon effect their as well as market this to goods and investments of EU access impeding thus requirements, administrative and procedures bureaucratic via influence their maintain to trying are institutions state economy, while the interfere in able to funds is national controlling and country the Communist governing Party The
rates. in interest increases gradual says, anyone whatever require, will is, it as as strong A euro,
respond. to able be not would we longer term the which in to cost, real the would be That
fundamentals. research scientific the on based seas the high in resources marine management of sustainable the to improve collaboration international for ideas of promotion the NAFO and Area the Convention resources of fishery the of conservation and rational management optimum and utilisation the to cooperation and consultation through contribute to is NAFO of objective priority The
fraud. tax and against smuggling date to Union achieving European remember the can I success biggest the was This
Middle East. in the peace for prospects the on a document meeting Council next the at present to undertaken has Presidency French the that me to it seems only because understood, if clearly position make its basically must the Council view, my In
we I as as well for job the doing responsibility broad a on take to trying now and have we than better regulation make to trying looking forward, are we that sense the in decisions and debate - States United the in or Europe in anywhere markets financial on parliament any in debate relevant the most be will tomorrow and evening this debate the strongly that very feel can.
agreements. Union's trade the in reflected better are issues these ensure that to seeks which Saïfi, Tokia colleague my by report the support produced to important was it felt I for 2020), Europe objectives key five the of (one sustainable development and primary legislation) is now Fundamental Rights of Charter (the rights human of fields the in expanded been have competences Union's European the that Now
our territory. on resident illegally of immigrants number the increasing greatly thereby unjustified, as rejected are these quarters of approximately three though even countries, European main the in years three last the in doubled virtually have requests, which asylum of number the in increase the is this indication of good A
Miller. Mr by outlined been have these Some of
this. needs Europe
1999/0821(CNS)). - C5-0332/1999 - euro (5116/1999 of the the introduction with connection in counterfeiting against sanctions penal by protection increasing on the Council of Decision Framework draft a on Home Affairs, and Justice Rights, Freedoms and Citizens' on Committee the of behalf on Cederschiöld, Mrs by (A5-0020/2000) report is the next item The
The arduous of series long a of result the is report this of adoption discussions.
We these against voted therefore have amendments.
vividly. very still remember I which something is and people 000 3 than more killed ago years 30 Friaul in President, earthquake the Mr (DE)
Lisbon. of the Treaty need 'We
competence. of national area plants an are of nuclear physical security the concerning measures overall, that, fact the to attention to draw like would Council the asked, been have that questions two regarding the specifically, More
responsible. to be need We
Arctic. the to relating issues these of all on agreements reaching international in role coordinating active an Take
(The at resumed and 20.10 at was suspended sitting 21.00.)
crisis. a such from ourselves extricate could we quickly how see present at do not I
Union. the European of citizens the for important issue very a clearly is this issue, this on lobbying of the from amount judge To
not simply working. is the at moment we have that system economic the - honest entirely be us let - necessary as highly is that and national accounts sustainable towards this step taking be to seem finally we cajoling, and pushing years of many After
to Romania. particular in referring am I
level. EU at tackled are problems environmental how cross-border on question the efficiently to important tackle particularly it is respect this In
(PL) in death to was stoned who girl a of murder debating the today are we President, Mr Somalia.
law. civil and criminal of matters in sadistic effect occasionally and drastic to such interfere religion can how accept to it difficult find Furthermore, we
much. very achieving not maybe but gains productivity of - wanted Council the as - surge immediate been an might have what than rather that process, with dealing sensibly of a way provide to been has able too Parliament staff, here question of the on Secondly,
future. children's concern our They
[2004/2208(INI)]. others) 107/2004 and 1112/2002, 985/2002, 732/2003, 609/2003, (Petitions European citizens on effect its and LRAU the as known Law Land Valencian the of abuse alleged the on on Petitions, Committee of the on behalf Mrs Fourtou, by (A6-0382/2005) report item the is next  The   
this matter. in your requests support will group my that know, Ombudsman, you respect, this In
structures. support of terms in victims, especially of protection the in has identified been gap particular a Secondly,
Schengen-type zone. transatlantic a of goal desired the and accountability democratic about bring to order Parliament in European the and Congress US the cooperation between more have must We
makers. market for cost, therefore the and burden, administrative the limits that solution a Commission The prefers
sovereignty. national of principle the expense of the at law international of principle a general advanced as being is intervention how military of example typical a are Yugoslavia made on demands being unbelievable the and pretext, a minorities as of rights the using Kosovo, invasion in recent continuing and The
EU operates. the about how informed sufficiently not because are they precisely readily more minds people's on hold takes a which misinformation, example, for conducive to, that are arise to conditions for is it easier the awareness level of the lower The
beings. human in trafficking to the violence linked and violence sexual eradicate help to commitment made a Commission European the period 2006-2010, the for men and women between equality for map road its With
them. over of veto power have to as so well, as decisions funding external to delegated acts applying of principle the upheld in House this majority large a year last October In
taken. be can decision informed an then and honestly the costs to assess try least at we should but are costs incurred if taken be not will that measures not mean does it course of Secondly,
Committee. Advisory the of members of office terms of limiting the not of favour in I am
Therefore, packaging and not quality on focus us let units.
8.
purposes. immigration-related for only case the might be This
labour. hard but labour, forced undergoing not are They
knows. the House as done, been that has and initiative, legislative the exercises that Commission the not and is Parliament it that clear quite is Treaty the 138 Article in of down laid procedure But the
process. of enlargement the tempo maintain the order to in initiatives new take to Commission the given always have they encouragement the for process, enlargement the debate on the in involved were or in interest great showed who those all and rapporteurs particular the and in thank Parliament, sincerely to opportunity this to take like I should event any In
me. for enough convincing or loud enough not was itself of distancing and protest leadership’s Albanian The
flexible. more market internal the making by question, in the challenges for facing strategy a to define Union European the calling on are that we fact firstly, the report: the in concepts negative basic three distinguish I result, a As
in. live to generations subsequent for Europe futuristic and avant-garde an orbit into place to choices vital the and make space policy European this to fortify generations to future owe we that a duty is It
Nizhny Novgorod. in 2011 June 10 and 9 held on be to EU-Russia Summit the for the preparations with deals resolution The (SK) - in writing.
concern. for cause is that homophobia infectious of an victims to be seem countries European    –
time. present at the especially and workers, as lives daily their in their company, of life the in involvement their in them supports Europe that know workers European all that essential is It
everyone. to is acceptable which balance a strike difficult to extremely it is that have shown Council the in on going is that discussion the and morning this discussion Your
sacrosanct. equality principle of the considers hand, other the on My Group,
same website? the on advertising from the profits enjoy will charge and of free Internet the on available songs their make will which companies record three only involves agreement this since undermined will be services music in competition that consider the Commission does citizens, European at aimed is also website this that fact the of In view
President: proposals, Mr specific three have I
annual basis. an on million 10 and 8 EUR between assistance provided of has European Union the years, two last the For
years. two in past the greatly suffered have businesses that these is truth sad The
foreigners. to be considered are which members of lay clergy and the in Turkey, the Church Christian of humiliating position altogether the me to that brings and year, this of February in in Trabzon Andrea Santoro priest Italian the of killing the to linked is state’ ‘deep ominous self-same this that effect the to speculations persistent are There
European Union. the in aircraft crew for permits of granting the is these important of most The
proposal. the supported have I why This is
It of terms his within reply a is reference.
Mr Member a of rights the enjoy to it statute enabling special a receive is to minority, Slovak the than is smaller Vojvodina, which minority in Hungarian the that learned have I President, State.
currencies. zone euro other of presumably but also marks German of foreigners holdings by gigantic the call you what from ensue that could monetary risks the on begun touch to just only have and you aspects, technical and logistical the on concentrated primarily have you Commissioner, Mr
transitional regulation. a need we reason why another is that and market, the yet on scarcely is lorry the Euro-4 that well perfectly know we yet exist; not do but they HGVs, friendly want environmentally well may we that said who with Member the agree I
generations. towards future and planet the of survival the towards say, to is that environment, and the energy of future the towards have we that responsibility to great the I referring am
aground. run has Europe
I Health CAP the with internally, insurance subsidise will States Member that the current possibility the different from very is this that notice Check.
depositors. of rights guarantee the to and panic avoid to crisis, the manage to Union European the for opportunity an also There me. is agree with will the rapporteur that I believe this on concern, and of question a just not is it but competition, of terms in distortion of risks the concern about clearly a is There
marry. to decide they and may whomever be wherever they citizens EU of rights the guaranteeing but with ethics, conjugal with course, concerned of not, is EU the President, Madam
votes. of majority receive a not did it Alas,
adopt. to have will that fishermen behaviour in for changes the support and said, I as incentives, in-built contain must and fisheries specific to the tailor-made be must proposals our that not more agree I could that out to point like also would I
In daily a on continue and China, past in of the a thing is rights not human fundamental of repression as well as – manner shocking quite a in oppressed being are which Gong, Falun as such movements religious to Church Catholic the all, from includes that and – communities religious repression of that remember should we – House this by be adopted will rights citizens’ human and elements to relating all and amendments, that all hope I and correct whole, – the is, on which report, this debating basis.
responsibilities. its to up face to Council the force to December, 9/10 on committee, the convened I when fully understood was not this December, but 9 result before even a achieved have could we gentlemen, and Ladies
taken. been not had this if decision consequences the suffered have would who Renault employees 000 140 of jobs the protect to term, long the in - and, sold were three million vehicles than less 1996 in fact that the on based - forecasts Commission's the expected from than more declined has market automobile European that the fact with cope Renault to enable that will industrial strategic decision a as quite certainly sanction but a or measure isolated an not as context, this in site Vilvorde close the decision to the at look must We
environment. the with so particularly is that and achieved, be to are regulation levels EU how is membership EU for applying countries with problems biggest of One the
subject. the to introduction this at surprised be to good reason We have
travelling. is train unification European the destination towards what and direction which quickly, influence in how on little too have they feel that or experience who citizens, our of many of uneasiness the of beginning the spoke at I
it away. hide or fact dodge the to trying use no is It
rifles. merely not and power that have authorities regional establishment of the and local elections are foundations These
two adopted amendments. also and proposed Parliament reading, second At
Both in European association a Statute for a proposal for the to reference with alia mentioned, inter is also dimension European a but levels, local and regional national, at foundations and associations of role the on remarks contain interesting 1992. documents
honour. and solidarity defending European also it today, of is Belarus cause the defends House the as that say to like should I conclusion, In
are going. as we far as is if this as looks it Europe, but in foothold significant a could gain this infection that possibility the board on taking are already we that thing good a is It
Swiss. the with agreement an reach to failed have we because facing problems are States Member EU The
vengeance. of feelings hatred and increase the to serve only actions intolerable These
all. after Christmas for vote to able be may turkeys So
sectors. private and public the in 14% cuts pay follows This
What with well down goes what is of belonging public's sense the for decisive is them.
word. the of sense the literal in desertification, of physical process by a threatened is Mediterranean Europe of part southerly most The
the view. rapporteur's share however not do I points, of number a On
this. achieved we have that proud am I
deficits. our and this debt both given finance to sums substantial the and accumulated debt enormous the of because years precisely for down slow to had deliberately investment has private productive fact, In continued. maintained and discipline is that budgetary course of provided policy, monetary regards as flexible more be can we maintained, and guaranteed is stability price while qualified: is connection Policy this in Industrial and Affairs and Monetary Economic on Committee by the and Commission the by adopted position The
this recognised accordingly. EU the and towards reform steps huge made had Turkey negotiations, accession of start the Before
Regulation. of the the amendment of issue the on approaches similar many see I
themselves. airlines the to happens what the decide let market to have we and aviation in confidence public restore have to we President, Mr
speed. to up get and prepare to needed time persons involved the of Each
resources. short show with good up a putting it is and done to be job double for manpower the sufficient allocated not have we because has, Court the which difficulty the appreciate DAS, I the On
The them. importance vital such of issue on an say a to entitled also are Poland of people for
These no is Gibraltar and view, of points and fiscal commercial environmental, from lax is by which legislation protected always are groups exception.
2008 (vote) year Financial - Union European the budget of general Draft
involved. suffering human intense the because of attention specific deserves immigration of illegal problem the Mr President,
people. many so of death using the by institutions, European the against criticism of kind to this make it possible is how understand not do really I
threat. under currently is UK the in vessels inland waterway of fate whole the but report, this for voting be I will .   
economic decline. time of a at fear, particularly and uncertainty of the feelings remove to persuasion of powers and courage require will reverse. It the Quite
citizens. to right guarantee this and commitments its uphold to Russia urges The EU
It over all re-established be to have then and attack suicide next the of mercy the remain at they that basis restricted such a is on mini-agreement reached Every misconceived. however is again.
Europe. of society towards civil the responsibility democratic of indication minimal a is It
Romania. and Bulgaria needed by are efforts further groups, and vulnerable minorities of protection the and human rights of the area In
sugar. of kilo a for price same up the paying ends consumer the Ultimately,
as There the bodies such international representation in "coordinated have should Union European the that suggestion the and embassies Union European idea of the not least controversial, particularly are which report the in detail of points many are UN".
cooperate. to reluctant are and forces nationalities individual that is – I than better even must know you as – policing here with problem great The
Another suicide of series - appalling - the including terrorism, of forms all combating Israel in behind right are we too here and terrorism, is attacks. enemy
BSE. with deal to UK the in on work going about the movingly told us He
escape. to want understandably have-nots the which continent from a not be must Africa
agreement. general the endanger entirety they in their that consider not do we Amendments:
humane. sensible and was decision Pöttering's President
damage. worth of billion's 1.2 US$ about and by landslides, completely wrecked Pichu Machu at plant main hydroelectric the broken, bridges 120 destroyed, homes 000 15 homeless, 000 70 with 300, currently around is dead of number The
Union. European the of borders future the beyond bridge-building of possibility the offers also Conference European this way this in believe that I really
The are products food that for ensuring responsibility to shirk able be therefore not should one policy; agricultural of an point main the all, is, after foodstuffs production of healthy.
them. beyond gone have even law but current of the requirements with the complied just not have who States Member for off paid has it really why is which difference, the main is That
qualification. a obtain generations young of 40% at least and ensuring that 10% below to rates drop-out school reducing particular, include, in strategy 2020 EU the of objectives The
are entitled. employees which rights to the of deprived often are they themselves, economy underground in the workers the As to
years. past the in significantly grown has deaths violent of the number that particular in these countries in is It
will fail? other or one that accept to courage the have not we do Why
century. 21st the of challenges the meet to law labour improve to the need on discussion opportunity good for a created has Paper Green the gentlemen, and ladies President, (CS) Madam - the Commission. of Member
All Alghero and particular, in Greco del (Torre Italy of areas some in jobs and economy of terms the in importance major of is which industry, craft goods the coral of competitiveness the jeopardise seriously would that Trapani).
competition. of causing distortion - or taxes reduced contributions security social reduced of form the in - aid state of case a is it because intervene, to required is Commission the then France, in textile sector the in or exporters, for in Belgium operation the Maribel with or Italy, sector in footwear in the case the as was security, social via even level, exceed this it does If
future. the for lessons valuable provides that it and achieved been have goals its all not although worthwhile, and was justified action joint this that resolution for a motion the of conclusion the share We
This way the surely is forward.
its activities. split to market the postal force to Monti's proposal Mr to refer to Bolkestein's cabinet Mr in someone by adopted term the to use options, nuclear like do not I
women. including beings, human in and trafficking trade sex the immigration, illegal as such interest, common matters of domestic policy and cross-border are stake at are What
it. by prevented rather than CFP, the are by Discards
feed. animal with dealing operators other farmers and choice for of freedom the facilitate labelled to be to have will GMOs from Similarly, produced feed
The fully worked-out a as exists substitution principle the that is - 30 Amendment No extent some and to - 1 No Amendment least at of assumption concept.
too. the in north, nurtured being now is language Irish the that learn glad to am I
procedure. simplified a medicines under herbal of regulation the allow is to proposal this of purpose the I that understand President, Mr   
2001? in road this take along to willing be you would Prodi, steps, What Mr
proposal? G8 this following period post-Kyoto the negotiations on the crucial prospects of the are What
you. towards dishonest would be I Otherwise,
In shipbuilding the to aid state of forms all against voting are Parliament European in the Democrats Social we considerations, these light of the industry.
help. to nothing done have we so far and life sentence faces a he Today
issue. this particular to found now be should solution that a you with agree much very I
package'. 'defence so-called the of part as 2007 in December tabled Commission which the equipment, security defence and of the procurement on a directive for proposal the vote on to about are You
step only. a first is this but website, SANCO's DG on the mention welcome I
change. actual to does lead review, really the midterm agricultural policy, review of the which in situation a for press to attempting also are We
have dozens died. jail and in people of thousands of tens are there moment, very this At
us outright. ask voters the trail, campaign the On
not understood? fully solutions are potential the and problems the if however, achieved, be this can How
time. of the lack given inevitable, furthermore, are comments, which these of note take We
one. correct the is form, binding in targets these down not laying say, to which is chosen, have you that approach the that believe said, I That
instance. this in abstained have why I is and that population, of the heads the over taken be account no on must decision important an such opinion, my In
vein. same the in you to like address should I
manner. even-handed and balanced a structures in agricultural our of development and modernisation the on are dependent sector food the in employed are who those citizens and our health of the itself, farming of profession the systems and our agricultural of future The
valid. longer is no letter the Suddenly
while. the definitely worth is the experiment view my in and first, a is this already said, been has As
predict. cannot I This
pockets. in unknown up ends largely Authorities Palestinian the to flows capital that The
but...Ah! to, referring are you González Mr which exactly sure am I not
report. this favour of in voted therefore and have codification such of in favour am I
well. as him kill efforts to made have would they under interrogation, crack was to likely detainees fellow of their one that aware became they If
institutions. these of needs assessment of own the our it to added and Council, the taken by decisions the all this, of all up weighed where we institutions, other to applies same The
inadequate. completely are - Frontex particular in situations such - with deal to have we the resources yet and its disposal at means sufficient has EU the that believe I
27 October. and 26 on Buffet, Mrs with together again, so do shall I and federations, sports European the all with Brussels a in meeting hosted I April 17 on end, To that
decide. a to referendum, in citizens Danish the maybe and Parliament Danish the authorities, Danish the to up is it Treaty, but the to according area euro join the criteria to fulfils the all Denmark fact, In
of measures. variety a of enumeration first-rate a now obtained have We
It one to chatting crowd a in people stop to trying like be would another.
(EL) political achieve to way main the budget is EU's the President, Mr priorities.
countries. participating of development relative the by highly influenced is globalisation and facilitation trade that mind bear in one should that, Having said
too. biodiversity, on major impact a has which water balance, the disturbs and mountain regions, in certainly erosion, soil serious also causes Deforestation
risk. at aims its putting non-military without industry defence the revitalize to could programme help framework the to which extent the of questioning Commission's the to respond asked to was Energy and Development Technological Research, on Committee stagnation. The of situation a industry in European defence the left market, have defence European Western the of nature fragmented with combined the technology, and research defence on of expenditure corresponding reduction the consequently, and States, Member Union's the in defence expenditure of reduction President, the Mr
I the long over good public as major a European Union the within movement of freedom this travel, of freedom this maintain to able are we so that term long the over remains secure confidence this that hope term.
weapon. strong is a such, as Knowledge,
State. Member own their in exists believe that they exposure of level the action, given appropriate the are States taking Member
excluded. been previously had they which from special area, protection Estuary Boyne the in included formally were at mudflats Stegrennan the suggestion, Commission's At the
states? of number a in practice the already is as seeds for zero value of limit a there be Will
continents. two our between partnership the great for Atlantic the of both sides on will is political that there pleased am I President, Madam - IND/DEM Group. the behalf of on
habits. eating of development on the negative impact a has It
report. Party this supports People's European of the group The gentlemen. and ladies President, Madam
framework. existing regulatory the to according adopted be them to left for must be time enough therefore and lines the along right to develop is initiative this measures if national be must there that clear is it hand, other the On
countries. neighbouring its all in governments stable from greatly benefits Europe
criterion. debt public the of exception the with criteria, convergence the meets now Greece that is The truth
not. or ingredients modified genetically contain they whether to as products, when buying consumer for the guarantee still no is there the More importantly,
I Council the , as 'delicacy' term the use would think they not do did.
first. people or interests put economic to whether therefore, its mind, up must make EU The
refugees. of influx mass been a has there where shelter temporary concerning proposal to the particular in applies This progress. more make we would that hoped had too I
experts. of panel a produced by been has report a appears that It
States. of accession traditional not a is this Basically,
underhand. rather be to seen just have we new-born the find report I pregnancy, two-year the of spite In
Austria. in Slovenian minority the towards Austria's responsibility or be resolved to issues bilateral the with responsibility your European confuse not do item: final sixth and The
future. our for importance fundamental be of will safeguarding competition - transport and energy such as sectors other and technology sector information the happening in is what at look - just changes technological significant of an age in that, stress to like would I President, Mr
report. this contribution to marvellous a made have for they Affairs, Social and on Employment Committee the of all members the thank would I and report sound up a drawn we have that think I
were introduced. undertaken being are projects that EU the various which at conference a was month, there this Brussels In
Nation-State. a to similar more it make and of Union the nature the change would development of This kind
regulations. basic four of the means by managed be should CAP the opinion, my In
One of our future the for above all, and, our industry of future the for must, They follow. will - mobility and of development field the in also steps - further step; first a was this comment: people. final
accidents. serious the most for and accidents most for responsible are generally which and standards safety falling maritime with connected directly are which convenience, of flags regarding under ships prevails which situation the typical is example A
answer. that with satisfied from am I far as here, is not Rehn Commissioner fact that regret the why I is that and you, for regard personal high a have I President, Commissioner, Mr (DE)
opportunities. three our and burdens, three their are democratization and development Demography,
today. here hope done in have we as you applaud and praise to able be to we hope results, assess to their able are we Moreover, when
legality'! 'international or 'the UN', mention once did not you Kosovo, on reply your in Council, of the President-in-Office Mr President, (EL)
variety. or money for best value of the necessity entirely cannot replace this but products, regional local and organic, to reference the support I Equally
It the to gets it and is conclusive it facts, on based is point.
part-session. the in upon improved be should report the and gentlemen: ladies all, you to appeal I
emphasise. to like should points I crucial are following the said, That being
arms. fewer ever for need the on conflicts, preventing on specifically based foreign policy alternative invent an to also is role s Europe'
The first at Parliament by proposed the amendments of many incorporate does indeed position common reading.
IGC? this for the determined need has that it is What
option. my only abstention was oppose, I support those to nor agree I which with positions the from myself neither distance to wish I Since
Commission. the of behalf on Service Audit Internal by the spot the on out carried checks and the Auditors of Court the between the coordination improve and enhance to order in audit, single a of idea the this and concept into look deeper to prepared are that we without saying goes Assurance, it of Statement a produce to Auditors of Court the by used methods the regards As
legislation. Community better for proposal Vallelersundi's Mrs Palacio in out set guidelines approved Parliament the that know We
letter. and Polish tripartite Franco-German the in out pointed as (CSDP) was policy defence and common security the of case the in ambition its retain must and military ambitions its onto capabilities, hold its military keep must Union European The
unnecessarily. things these rush not should we why is That
market. internal European the about is it at all, exports about not It is
And that of legality the on rule to asked be also should Justice of the Court that think do not you agreement?
Mr happen never must it people say kind this of disaster a is there every time President, again.
We pans it how see to watching and changed being is today have we directive anti-discrimination the that about fact the worrying be to instead ought out.
language. international and only one the as English to way give to prefer French would some ago, days few a only Rabat in Assembly Parliamentary Euro-Mediterranean the of meeting at a saw as but, we development, of its language the is French
that. with something can do Europe
resolution. a for motion support the I
this subject. on specialists highly qualified by carried out be to study expert an for asked has already Commission The
law. the of the application for support and work night for definition precise more a of provision the law, of the scope the from self-employed hauliers of exemption the issues: three on touches proposal Commission's The
I should this why know to wish be?
period. this during as acute never so it was inspections, for need was a there If
The in consultation the for provided procedures legislative the with consistent not is since this programme the to allocated total the amount to reference a amendment, same the in accept, cannot Commission procedure.
problems. solve Africa's can - Europe - we that think not must we that is it thing, one teach us can the If past
balanced. market the keep to careful very be to have that we mind in bear to have We
Parliament. of this life the within compromises good find to managed after all, has, rapporteur the time, very long a after that, grateful time same at the and pleased am I President, Mr   
A draft your in references Christian any rejected you have when ‘soul’, term, odd an Europe - new this of soul’ the ‘define to to them made even promise Constitution. is
How this resolve to going you are question?
considered. be will that hope I do so on Budgets, the Committee by down set the requirements to relation in Auditors of Court the of independence about the worried very are we and political, more much is It
The for oral question the in to referred impact assessments the to applies same answer.
a country. in names registered of the number on depending often country, to country from greatly system varies of the Awareness
This mutual of spirit a on based partnership institutional political and the strengthen to order in Parliament, European and the Commission, the Council, the cooperation between for guidelines new of establishment permit the undoubtedly will contribution House's trust.
allowances. appropriate and depreciation opportunities for and shorter new particular, using in and, policy tax using again economy the moving get we could how consider to Kovács Commissioner upon to call like would I Finally,
priority. absolute have it must that facto de agree we today and Parliament European the in here the EIT voted on have We (DE)
reasons: the following for report the against voted We
Europe. as regards confidence of crisis the for Commission alone the cannot blame we But
The in dissenting part taking or opinions heretical holding of the expression, of freedom non-violent exercising for imprison people prosecute and Union European the of States Member that many was reason other activity.
Parliament. in its representation affects size country's a principle, where the proportionality on one based to move system and behind this leave will we report, Lamassoure's Mr support to chooses Parliament If
control. financial independent and capacity administrative acquis, the of implementation of corruption, field in the particularly problems, serious have them some of sufficient but progress, be making to seem candidates Most
less. some Europe, some more want expectations: different have Politicians
sound very proposals. some with up came and ago year a this of aware was Parliament that say I must however, honest, perfectly be To
Accession’. of Treaty the on clauses safeguard the of one of activation of consideration with any European Parliament the of association on full the Commission the of President and the Parliament the European of President the letters between of exchange the regard to having read: ‘... will new text The
goods traffic. heavy by cars and of numbers large by use are for unsuitable tunnels parallel escape without and lanes separate without tunnels that conclusion the reached have I gathered date, to experience of basis the On
this activity. in them complicit with that were countries European the of or authorities States United the of condemnation of single word a find do not resolution, we a for motion joint the however, in enough, Deplorably
hands. your in partially lies regulation, which is structure of this pillar second The
(IT) at and health safety on strategy Community the on opinion the of draftsman future as capacity my in speaking partly am I gentlemen, and ladies Mr President, work.
But in populations of their majority the maintaining are and development to countries' path poor the blocking fact in are countries rich of classes ruling the when hypocrisy is pure process development the into aspect environmental the to to claim incorporate poverty.
protection. environmental improving and change climate fighting in cooperation real consolidating to view a transfer, with technological scientific and promoting in countries two these and Union European the efforts between the up step to the need emphasise to like would I
organisation. jute old the discussion about painful long of the out come will sector jute the cooperation in international renewed promote can that body new a that hopes high very now have we So
present. capacity at this have not do We
being. human a of death or life the decide to on power the given be must because nobody importance, commercial or strategic their or with countries these have may Union the links whatever it, to abolish yet countries have third which with relations its in also but Assembly, Nations General United the before only not priority, a penalty death the fighting make must is founded, it which on values the of terms in coherent be to in order therefore, Union, European The
problems. major any pose not should Thursday on adoption their and consensus broad a have therefore 1999 ECSC concerning in the Both texts
Union. the European of critical very have been you of Some
30. paragraph shifting of this we oppose therefore and sequence, original the we prefer but difference, big make a not does It   
closed. is debate The
world. the whole engulfed has crisis financial The
snapshot. national brief only a gives and nature general of very a is it but headings, these under information portal includes The
happened. what analysis of in-depth an time for take to need we because First,
in full. guaranteed however, be must, decisions in share to right Parliament’s
admiration. and respect of worthy gesture civilised a and solidarity of act an is response resounding their tragic event, this involved way in no in was FYROM Although
15%. and 5 between by appreciably: accidents road of the number reduce to help will the day during headlights dipped using that shown has study recent question, a Hedkvist’s Mrs following out pointed you As
On 2004 in the posts 15 and million EUR 1.272 of the sum Supervisor Data Protection the allocated Budget, which Amending Second the adopted House your May, 9 Budget.
race. numbers a such in part take to deforestation than this curb to important more much therefore is It
businesses Europe. of family-run and small for the directive important most the doubt, without is, directive this view, my in gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr
products. our trade actually free and market a have able to are we Europe that thanks to entirely is it that not forget us let but emotion, use to easy so is It
at. look Commission the see want we to what is That
weak. the and many the for and not powerful the and few the budget for is a it poverty, of personification the is budget This
However, of end the proposals at these approve the that Council essential it is and 2008 of end the at expires mandate Commission's the schedule; tight a against are up we again, once October.
40%. at estimated unemployment is China, northern areas in industrial old the In
Act. 1976 the of provisions new the with compatible more them Procedure, making of of Rules the provisions current the to update the need highlights report This
how. or labelling be to they ought know what actually not do Manufacturers
kilometres. than, 250 more or to, equal is distance scheduled where services the regular on travelling passengers to grant rights is to the regulation of objective main the view, Council's the In
suit. States followed other Member all the if thing good a be would it think I
the environment. and on health public on effects harmful have could substance a that demonstrate to tangible evidence and sufficiently serious is when there assessment, risk the of final result the for waiting mean would case this in which proof, absolute there is waiting mean until does not principle the that precautionary you remind to need not do I think I
contradictory. being far as so go others and ambiguous even are some inadequate; are that others clearly there are support, our deserve and us fair to seem which problems solve these to proposals some presents rapporteur the Although
sums. monetary compensatory means of themselves by ultimately, protect cannot, dumping monetary of victims the are which countries that fact the deplore we again, once circumstances, these In
progress. to their essential which are programmes focused poverty the adopt countries to developing of ability the on liberalization of the effect the of issue the raise to need also They
market. the question of the with in tied also is diversity cultural that say to like would I
justice. and security freedom, area of European the of implementation the of the cornerstone is rights fundamental of protection that the know all we Commissioner, Minister, President, Madam (FR) - Group. PSE the of behalf on
working time. in changes flexible scope for provide can economy competitive a Only
year. next elections the European for to prepare institutions the of all for year crucial a is 2008 - Commission. the of Vice-President
complaints take further. does not it explanations when giving of intention its fulfils Commission the that is hope sincere Our
picture. different a somewhat presenting is communiqué the then Africa, applies to only If it
States. Member new the in situation social the on regimes influence Communist of the significant for assessments her in allowance any make failed to has rapporteur the that categorically quite state therefore can I
Directive. Water Framework the of and proposal Commission the of also but report, of my only not fundamental direction the alter would which and Group, GUE/NGL the and Greens the Liberals, the the PSE, by jointly tabled been which has 6, 94 Article to amendment so-called compromise the adopt to were we if this target missing though, risk would, We
Israel. by respected not are they that problem is the but clear, very of are origin rules the Nielson, Commissioner    Mr President,
progress. making to continue enable us will defects, its all for which, draft treaty, of the the details dwell on to not House the to call Vigo's de Méndez Mr echo therefore would I
Mutual by about brought be cannot confidence decree.
now? Why
projects. further more for million 2.5 with EUR continuing, is funding and 2009 2008 In
29. and paragraphs 18 to applies This
consensus. international an towards work to standards is welfare animal in improvement widespread a to achieve way effective most the that believes Commission The
reputation. export international UK's arms up the clean to wanted he that said who Minister Foreign own his with step of out is Titley Mr
Assembly. Parliamentary Europe of Council the by in parallel up set inquiry second the for staunch support Commission’s the of Mr Davis assured also I
European Parliament. the of Members States and Member in politicians makers, clients, policy from but officials the from comes not often complexity of the part large A
said. already have I what to more add cannot much I Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou, Mrs
Europe. of future the are children our because children, for policy a for mentioning you thank wish to I President-in-Office, Mr President, Madam
Buizingen in 15 February on Monday, crash train dreadful the of Causes Subject:
safety. passenger passive and both active in improvements we need Triviño that González Mr with agree I
out. carried always they have that the activities modify to or abandon to forced have been farmers, who Portuguese for phenomenon this of costs social the seen We have
institutions. and economic viable social with itself, for system democratic workable a develop can Russia that particular in to ensure strive must Union European The
market situation. the to owing are faced they which with changes the make to entrepreneurs allow to flexible sufficiently be should employee the employer and between the time, same relations the At
friends. American than our in Afghanistan accepted more perhaps or valued, highly more are Europeans fact that well-known is a It
funds. structural the financing from employment using growth and stimulating as as well regions, between convergence facilitating policies, successful EU most the of integration one and European of process the in pillar essential an is policy Cohesion
threefold. was communication of the purpose The
time. this 'no' voting am I why That is
was with. presented I that image negative relatively a was it nonetheless interim but director, an becomes as humility with you to listened I
direction. other any in than Brussels on more sharply aspirations their focusing law, of rule the and democracy more of pursuit in process reform internal their of success the to key as a countries, other and Ukraine also for but Balkans, the Western countries perspective in for the European to importance attaching vital the of aware be must we same time, the At
%. 100 and between zero subsidisation ranging with infrastructure, rail the of use the for in Europe systems charging different nine are there time present the At
dark-skinned. are if they especially groups, and social economic weakest of the expense the at operates selectively system justice criminal the statistics, to according and, USA the in executed children are underage However, even
back. them holding development and their slowing by States Member new the of exports the impact indirect on an had currency has single The
Community policies. other on effects possible the to assess as so carefully, implications those studying now We are
account. into taken not these are but marked peculiarities, with country a much very is It an as example. Greece quote can I
vaccination? or is: culling now question key the course, But, of
piracy. widespread crush to more means powerful also need we protection copyright full realise To
groups. the all across and beginning the right from position Parliament's has been This
We development securing of capable not are investment.
It the and Georgia between relations all block to utmost its is doing West.
This and education of domains in the particular in enhanced be can partnership culture.
mentioned. is scarcely rights human for respect of The issue
officials. government local the with do issue to an mainly larger is picture the of forms part which issue second The
disappointing. rather were certainly sessions Council first The
extremely high. disaster is this by affected people of number The
it. writing to prior duty excise products of the of some sampling been actually had person whether that or that wrote who know do not I
opportunities. employment access new to them giving by or available the jobs to fill them market training local by labour the for people of employability the improving at aimed activities of range broad a covers but approach its in sectoral not is It
On extremely remains competition international hand, one the distorted.
it. influence to be able will works, they how that know drivers if because of training, by means roads our on environment the improve to try to want We also
announced. declaration this see to have come who UK, the in Cypriots Overseas Young for World Organisation the from NEPOMAK, people young of a group have we today, gallery the In
than international. European rather simply, quite was, work the over presiding spirit you – the of many so – including having done of be proud continue to and Convention the in part took who for those actual fact, In
aim. this achieving of terms in prestige enjoyed well-earned have Justice of of Court the judgments the and decisions s Commission' hand, the other On the
problem. reform tax has a Greece
good. public common a as seen are these that given fish, harvest to right the by taken can be forms that the of any covering as term view, treating the broader much a takes report The
executions. their suspend and moratorium join global the - data to unofficial according thousand, eight year - executions per official thousand two around with China, as such that others, ensure to to fight continue however, must, We
work. system the make to order in work together and views our give can we that so process, the in Parliament of involvement the desire further would we taken, are such steps When
products. basic few a on countries poor of the dependency namely problem, general a of one stage only is long time, a known for have we which, as on coffee-growers, changes price these of the impact of aware all are we I think
materials. raw exporting upon indeed dependent are very these because countries developing with the this discuss to good be would It
dangerous products. of types new on available becomes information when taken be to action rapid enable also will mechanisms exchange Secure customs
EU. the countries of various in the services public quality of further erosion in result may terms, in practical that, measures implementing from refrain must Commission however, the Firstly,
States. United the in attacks terrorist the wake of the arisen in has that situation the handle to able they are view, point of budgetary purely a from that, so reading second the before Parliament, and Council the both of the parts on tightening-up, general a for for calling reason however, is, There
this. for aside set should be amounts Appropriate
text. Europe's of Council the and EU draft the of comparison technical up a drew Council Secretariat the that was process coordination this of results concrete the of One
national on traditions. put we all which value the to due countries and our between differences large the due to us, by debated be to reports difficult most the of one also is it But
out. phased be to temporary and be to intended were market the of single rules from the derogations those But
Therefore, of public level regards the as particularly agreement, this future of content the on eye watchful a keep must we aid.
public. the hoodwink to trying is level, European to the transposed be will welfare the state of models national that today, House this in here who promises, anyone that House the to out it spell to why I is want that and powers, the separation of to the fast hold to have we that us to clear be also must It
ourselves. not deceive should we But
law. into directive the transpose to certainly is first thing The etc. language, with difficulties of because it, of aware not they are because availed been of not has It
debate. this aware of become public should general the that important is It
eutrophication. their for reason the and our waterways in effluent of the most for responsible been has here, stated also been has as practice, farming Current
It and the controls border Europe's for means what on this thesis a written has or France Netherlands the in student graduate no that amazing is like.
situation. economic the current in especially groups, vulnerable most of the needs the address way, to a concrete in trying, is constantly fact Europe that the to testify mentioned have I measures the think I
organisations. patient or States Member as providers such information other reliable connecting as our role see I
Today Liu as just such people to opinion world of attention the draw to time a good is Xiaobo.
with interests. reconciled be to ideals need worldview, political in my and gentlemen, ladies Commission, the of President Council, the of President, President Madam (IT)
policy. information of behalf on made must be effort the that necessary paragraphs opening its in says report The
European Union. the whole across data compare to difficult it often makes which States, Member in practices statistical different and different systems existence of the from also results statistics modernise our to need The
protected market. almost an is there sources; and energy renewable for targets there clear are prices; corrects which tax energy an is grid; there the to access transparent is there where model, Danish the like particularly I Personally,
years. many for been have there and time present at the Turkey shortcomings within many there are well that perfectly knows Blair Mr
importance. of key are issues these - report Oomen-Ruijten to the - refer plants combustion large on the directive directive and limitation emission national the as such way, under directives currently In
for allow enlargement. to adapted be to had rules decision-making Union's The
respect. this opportunity in good a provide Austria will agreement with transit the of expiry regarding the negotiations forthcoming The
vessels. sea-going accounted by for ppm 000 27 compared to ppm, towards 10 heading be will we time, years' few a In
Parliament. European attitude the toward Party's Labour the about volumes speaks itself in That
noise. reduce to aim also must action campaigns The
We back to authorised GMOs for values threshold the prune to Policy, designed Consumer and Health Public the Environment, on Committee the amendments by the of favour in vote to going therefore are 0.5%.
How bank by punitive discouraged being payment of means other all coins, with and notes for payment area single a only is euro zone that the possible it is charges?
state. satellite Soviet a country was The
pregnancy. obesity in and diabetes relationship the between problem, this on have prepared colleagues my I and declaration written the to attention your draw to like therefore should I
Fundamental Rights. of Charter with a endowed is Union European The
Nice. of Treaty the the of ratification pending basis, legal of a absence the on based inadmissibility of motion a precise, tabled be to Member has, fellow Our
since 1989. resolutions numerous support in its lent and its approval expressed has and law civil European of code a to regard with Commission European the of efforts been the many monitoring years, for has, House This
wrong. is figure This
important. very are here, think I which raised have been that issues few a on comment to like would I
Ladies financial and economic the dominated by substantially were actions, political also and, increasingly, economic, financial which in period a words, during other in - 2009 in Central European Bank the of performance the concerns essentially today report my and gentlemen, crisis.
funding. the obtaining time a such hard have still SMEs the that fact the cannot accept Parliament
Albright. Mrs and of President Clinton commitment personal the without possible been not have would ago, months few just a seemed unthinkable which outcome, this that certain am one for I
dispute. trade EU/China the resolution to the over news today the welcome We should .   
conditionality. apply rigorous we Secondly,
The of European competitiveness the enhance and thus resources business redirect and up would free it exercise; reduction burden administrative wide-ranging the of is part proposal economies.
Bank. World and IMF the and Moldova Republic of the of government the between initiation negotiations of welcome the We
wishes. Christmas your for indeed much very you thank President, Mr
noon. 12 at today place take will The vote
internet. the access to had not now, have, until who people those forget not, must and not, should also we respect, this In
Time. Question short cut to be would else something remove to having without point this include to way only the full, agenda extremely is Since the
economic reality. far from too is report Velzen's van Mr
Europe. situation in economic and social disastrous the for responsibility of share their to disguise order in employment growth and of subject the on of showing capable institutions are European the that logorrhoea the of all, symbolic above are, They
of them. all Budget for single is a there in year first which the 2005, in cut are it for funds the States if Member 25 of Europe a in policy cultural credible no be can for there cultural policy, for funds in reduction Council’s the reject to had that we view the took Committee the Culture of members the all that fortuitous not is it reason, that For
It foreign and energy common need for the meets policies.
United so. of incapable quite has proved it but months, few last the over task the on take to expected been have might America States of The doing
risk. some at is it language but living rich very and ancient an have we where Community of the from part a come I
issue. this to in relation month this later meeting They are
proposing. is Parliament which the reform behind rationale and concept the dysfunction with enormous an bring about therefore and would proposal the of remainder the with consistent be not would it door; back the in through to slip funding Community on strictly based funding mechanism a for be would cohesive and consistent be by contrast, not, would What
months. forthcoming in the policy future cohesion of the shape to related Parliament with discussions continue to ready be Commission will The
also been developed. has IPCC the of scientific expertise the and mechanisms, two flexible of up made Mechanism Development the Clean as such developed, been have enforcement of means up-to-date latter, the Under
To MEDIA previous the with compared 2007 to MEDIA given priorities new the importance the of enhance that amendments the welcome particularly I that you to say to like would I detail, in more amendments the back to come programme.
associations. consumer many by and airport at the staff the by ground me to was confirmed - this do to company only the not is course, it of and, - strategy company a is this That
sitting of Closure
face. our show can we and is guaranteed rigour this then 2000, year with comparison the in 0.07% of increase an planning are Parliament European the in alone we that see When I
constructive. and excellent always is which cooperation, for his warmly him I thank but votes, our him give make us to enough not was unfortunately, That,
It quickly as as fruition to achievable objectives and realistic these bring to leaders of our duty the is possible.
Parliament want to not will EU the that hopes raise not should fulfil.
We we discuss and policies own their with states nation have policies.
get here. to us taken for has it length the about Ribeiro with Mr disagree to have I
Agenda. Lisbon the goals of economic policy the achieving for indispensable such, and, as growth prosperity and for requirement basic a also is security however, time, the same At
it. before opportunity great a has Europe euro, with integration; the of monetary view in topical particularly is Such action
Day-to-day for human respect over precedence take often too all commercial considerations that ignored, and sometimes prohibitions are that unclear, are definitions that of loopholes, plenty still are there that indicates in – this country own my include I and – practice rights.
date. of are out figures Her
Mr including countries European southern hit various fires forest huge of number large a summer again this gentlemen, once and ladies President, Portugal.
fish. few too problem is the of other side The
success. of chances Copenhagen's severely hampering you are doing, so In
I first the in stock cod the eastern of status the specify to request as the such plan, the of provisions the to correspond which 5, and 1 Amendments only accept therefore can recital.
day. this to there commitment heavy such have a not would and troops, multinational sent have not would certainly then it suggest, you as there, promises its break to had wanted community international that the if is this and Bosnia-Herzegovina, about you say can that particular in one thing is there that believe I Mr Dupuis, President, Mr
kind. this of democracy wanting in are adamant We
countries. these with partnership a up setting of aim the with countries industrialised the by presented union, for African the proposal on for project cooperation a also launched and practical issues discussed they which in countries, African the of the leaders countries and industrialised most s world' the of leaders the between practical issues on debate a focused witnessed the out, G8 pointed Vitorino Commissioner as time, first the for that, convinced are We
the Council. within discussed briefs negotiating the to greater access much and assent to deal WTO any to subject right Parliamentary automatic an minimum, a as include, must This
kind I this of strike’ ‘surgical so-called a from result disasters could what imagine easily can today.
Christmas. happy a all you wish would to like I Finally,
economy. deteriorating a and activities business of control mafia-type with democracy, of guise under the rule restoring authoritarian accused of widely government is The
be withdrawn. to compromise Finnish the for idea a good not also is it that and outcome, positive a block would positions irreconcilable that view taking the it, in part I took this, Despite
my mouth. in am putting I what know to want I and consumer European the I am Mr President, (DA)
one’s own. on facts the also find one must but inequality, of reduction for the measure effective an be market would the labour in equity gender of ranking scientific a of compilation The
payments. late regulate to proposal a submit to Commission the asked Parliament, with together we, market - internal the of outset the very at - 1993 as early in as President, Mr
level alone. national thoroughly at and effectively with dealt be cannot complex implications and significant with trend similar a that realise we States, Member the of competence the essentially remains currently general in care care health and provision of the though Even
Naples. in conclave following the discussed was that of protocol the the content including Conference, Intergovernmental the at defence on achieved was agreement that the welcomes Commission The
Structural employment new create the to potential have which sectors economic and models development forward-looking targeted at is aid opportunities.
basis. annual an on appropriate as amended or renewed and review constant under were kept measures These
markets. regional and national of nature individual the account of taking parties, third networks transmission by gas States’ Member access to for rules detailed fair and down lays year, last was adopted directive, which The
5.
Chamber. this in Iraq about twice spoken already have I President, Mr
Union. European the for forward step political a major 2010, represents by the world in economy knowledge and dynamic competitive the most Europe of making aim the with Council European Lisbon the by launched process reform economic the of part forms which services, on directive proposal a for the today, us before put the form In
rights respected. their human will have Innocent like people and that peacefully live to able be will Uganda children of the future in that hope I
fleet. competitive a have and to fishermen still are we if aspect crucial is a which our fleet, of modernisation and renewal the for aid FIFG the need still We therefore
culture? country's each in business big of intervention by the caused were problems these that fact the expose also but which education), movement, rights, property (intellectual problems temporary few a resolve which procedures, contradictory abet and to aid expected be we can how clear, not is it If
enough. not still it is but made, been has already progress that the welcome We
saving overall. a been have would That
solutions. quick correct and find to try to State authorities with Member closely to work Commission the requires therefore, work, This
outcome. satisfactory a it has and that security, Europe's way damage any in not does change this that possible, effective way most in the takes place migration the that hope I
priorities. establish choices and make to have will really we new directives, want we If
so. doing in succeed we whether on fall or stand laws our effectiveness of the that recognise to have we yet change, to difficult are Stereotypes
Procedure. of Rules our in included formally rules already but sitting, the president the of of the disposal at rules rules, not different by governed also are amendments oral Requests for
reality. becomes order moral a of vision when our high heads held with our walk to able be will only We
label. the stated on be least should at cotton modified genetically the meantime, in then substances, harmful of effects possible of the studies still awaiting are we If
understand that. can and I comments, any make rather than listen, to have come you said You sitting. the and attending House our visiting are you Lanotte, Vande Mr
markets. Aim as such markets small-business stock Europe's devastated have could Commission the from proposal original The
We in future. initiatives new Community the in retained be should Community initiative the under launched been just only have that measures excellent the that think therefore the
Once the of revision ratify the to know, we as have, will they and forgotten being are parliaments national again Treaty.
living I rebuild and disaster the of consequences the avert this to of top on done be must everything believe that firmly conditions.
… budget rational more a to leads that process a out set at least not does that perspective financial new a agree cannot we that simply things: said two have I
International in was reached which agreement on the build to continue should and we forward way the are agreements Montreal.
policies. and effective ambitious more practice into put to courage the missing is is All that
economies. local of development stifle that oligarchies veritable national taking on means often which services, of liberalisation attain order to in of Doha context the in a commitment make and fight to We need
procedure. hoc the ad of question the is with deal to should I like point second The
Immigration. on Pact the in as expressed EU, the policy of anti-immigration overall the of framework the within immigrants of and repression control harsher the for another tool yet is which Code, Visa the of the rationale or direction the essence, the change not do report European Parliament by the made improvements Any individual
capacity. institutional its in and institutions in its evolving also is it but in size it is evolving only old. Not century a half than less is - it preceded what and least Union the at Union - the that ourselves remind should We
numbers. telephone phones' the on based are phones mobile of NTT DoCoMo addresses e-mail The
directive. framework the future with and each other with coherent - modified are and possibly - CFR the for selected draft research the of parts the ensure that will Commission The
As by Member the supported not was but ago, year a question this resolve to wanted Commission the that remind you to like would I concerned, is problem this as far States.
contribution. a make and change things can really Secondly, Europe
proposal. the voted have against therefore we and circumstances, these under misconduct its for Egypt reward to right not is view, it our In
It Lisbon the of ratification following of EU the foreign policy improved the for beginning good a not is Treaty.
happening. from prevent this to power our everything in do together, must, We
issues. international on Russia with cooperation our enhance to want we and Russia - needs also Union the European and Union European the needs - interdependence Russia on relationship based EU-Russia strategic and broad see a to want we undertaken; it has commitments international the to up Russia lives in which economy market and functioning democracy see a want to we Russia: with relations our in objectives long-term three see We
Parliament. by spending effectiveness public of the ensure to is task whose as possible soon as up set be to needs parliamentary office audit independent An
concerned. Union European the of area geographical the of regardless enforced be will penalties that understood be It to needs
time. speaking sufficient is there so debate that urgent and topical the for hour an an half extra have could we to see whether check not services might sessional the whether ask to wanted simply I half, a and an hour in addressed be to matters the many view of in debate, urgent and topical the in for time pressed be very will we Since
deliver. and properly operate will the EU that expectations are there and pressure, to us and subjecting us of demands of lot a making are also People
all? at right a still really today, asylum, is ask: to would like question I a is there asylum, and of the right about evening this talking are we Mr President,
childcare. in working to staff protection social fair and quality training employment, stable provide to need the highlights also It
We our of the competitiveness for and stability financial for vital This is sector. EU financial integrated more a of needs to the adapted are supervision financial for our arrangements that ensure must industry.
States. the Member of with that such, Union, as the action of the coordinate better to need clear a is There
Agriculture Commissioner. the on reprimand or censure of motion a table to possible be probably would it differently Parliament this operated and institutions democratic European the if conscious that are we And
eliminate violence. gender-based to required measures are legal and social long-term political, that clear is it and decent life, a women to guarantee needed are that immediate measures of series a out sets because it report the for voted also I
Middle East. the in deadlock present the break help will condition that For precisely
of refuge? ports of European map the preparing in reached we have point What
(h). 5 Point
drawn up. be can policy single no that means in Europe situations diversity of extreme The
cold. hefty a catching up I end part-session every practically but physical condition, good in and good cheer in Strasbourg in part-session the monthly to start tend I
maintained. Europe is that them by not is are, it speeches great though necessary and, us, with soon up catch will life Everyday
Mr your prolong to not order in response and comment brief a to add only I wish exhaustive reply, Simitis' Prime Minister after President, suffering.
population. the of majority of the situation legal the in improvement an and prevent poverty to steps but real forces security the arms for and trade free is not is needed What
initiatives. UN include should this internationally, cooperate and must We
rejected. methodically and categorically treatment being special, specific of possibilities the all regions saw island The
proposal. this support cannot group why my is this Community and bodies, to on them passing than rather documents classified retain to encouraged be States Member would the that be obviously would adopted, were it if measure, result this of The perverse
it? have will we when you: ask I
it. to allocated quota the adapted to was capacity fleet their that showing plans fishing submit to States Member obliging the text, its final in Commission by incorporated the and House the by adopted was which an amendment, tabled 2007, I in adopted was plan recovery current the When
countries. between our relations pleasant more all, to above and, cooperation to lead and beneficial be will this and open countries our the between doors keeping involves Mutual trust
enough. not good is it that is saying currently are Merkel even Angela and Canadian Minister Prime the Barroso, President what Secondly,
longer. and be living longer will pensioners, who of number greater a of care health and the retirement to fund will have people working fewer that terms, practical very in means, that it, before has that generation gone the of pensions pays the for working people of generation whereby each pensions, statutory of payment the for redistribution of system a under live we since one: simple a is equation the country, my In
question. supplementary her for Member thank the I
SMEs. the reached even the money of not all that is problem the However,
here. work live and to wanted those who to same opportunity that gave and of ours, Europe this in safety to opportunity seek the lands foreign persecuted in those indeed offer did I that intolerance, never tolerate would that society free, a and tolerant open, society great this keep to help indeed did I that security, to sacrificed freedom prevent being indeed did them I that tell to able be will I and own, answer our to had grandparents and our parents as questions, children’s our answer to have however, then, will We
Parliament' by aid increasing also year per and euro 1500 to up get who farmers include to scheme simplified of the scope the broadening by proposal the Commission report improves s 20%.
We development EU's the of criticisms hear we and countries various our in live policy.
As feeling population the of swathes whole leave which social imbalances, serious countries have industrialised most Union’s even the shown, suburbs have French the in events recent marginalised.
These Regulation was basic when the empty left were that 883/2004 No (EC) to Regulation annexes the amend also resolutions adopted.
And, considered be not would incident isolated and individual but an work, at to dignity affront constitute may an definition the in described that as behaviour such of incident isolated an course, of harassment.
veto. a as subsidiarity using stop please you could and saying, earth to down sermonising politicians bringing about it is contrary, the on started; is being harmonisation of wave new no policy, national cultural interfering in not about is it intervention, about not is This
occasions. many previous on weapons of transfer on treaty the international an of favour in out spoken House has this President, Mr (ES) - Group. the Verts/ALE behalf of on
products. textile wear Chinese who European consumers warn to is presentation my of The purpose (SK)
frequently contributions. making so down and up he was terms because very uncomplimentary in described was Ireland in politician senior when a occasion an of reminded am I President, Mr .   
In and reliability size, of terms in considerably, vary States Member various individual the in systems pension the addition, supervision.
environment. the on impact significant a have or could would the implementation where plans the as actual on as well framework planning the on assessments environmental strategic out carry to States Member of duties the extend to measure significant small a but is this Mr President,
banned. be therefore must layoffs These magnates. industrial of a handful of dictates the subjected to be not should people of of millions lives that the Democracy dictates
ever. if soon, any see we'll unlikely it's and months, 5 in no progress been has There
requirements. visa their drop to countries other then ask we that ironic bit a seems it nationals, third country from controls visa more and more demanding is EU the when time a At
it. to prevent and next crisis anticipate the to possible it make would picture, which bigger the see to fails one debt, public on is solely that focused governance area euro of view and a Growth Pact and Stability the of view a blinkered having by that, proof indeed is This
before. ever than world smaller much a living in are and we certainly proposals rapporteur's welcome the too, I, President, Mr
framework. about regulatory the economy, market social the about discussion a Europe in need we that convinced firmly also am I
reasons. political purely for violated been movement of to freedom right the has before incident; political never serious a This is
development. urban of part much are very mobility urban and transport addition, urban In
Union. European the for important particularly was Conference Intergovernmental the to prior organised forum NGO the is why That
us. listens to he as him to closely listen as Parliament in this we that the Commissioner tell to needs nobody President, Mr
further. deteriorated has situation human rights since the then, and, 1999 agreement in similar a ratifying into pressurised was Parliament this Uzbekistan, case of the in you that, remind me Let
wording. this with problem have a I
agree with. to unable are which we proposals contains us, of many compromise which, for so-called this in participate to invited not were we that explain must I
As stormy many through skilfully Directive Services the of ship steered the has Gebhardt Mrs waters. rapporteur,
of 20%. overcapacity an concedes itself industry The
countries. developing to related to those attention special with be promoted, communication should in the mentioned actions all matters, tax in governance good of principles the of aspects external the On
Expel Chamber the from him immediately!
multiannual programmes. existing the to regard with developments deficiencies positive the and of picture clear a gained therefore have authority budgetary the arms of two The
4.
Soviets. the by invaded was country boy, my young a still I when was President, Mr
groups. financial among losses greater and bankruptcies avoid to used being are funds public repeat, I now, care, basic health of lack and hunger dying of from including children, people, of preventing millions for exclusion, social and and combating for poverty social policy, for not available were that funds public the Now,
you.' dare I then, on 'Go say, , I jobs' better and more with growth economic sustainable of 'capable economy knowledge-based dynamic promoting a goal of the itself set Europe has state which that conclusions summit the read I when So
today. exist not conditions do those that is assessment our but Romania, and Bulgaria via unnoticed EU the into States, slipping from Member of security the undermine could who preventing elements, undesirable conditions operational and regulatory establish need to urgent an be would there that we believe Now,
On set not was inquiry of a committee if censure of motion a table to threatened de Villiers possession, Mr his in had he that information the view of 1996, in July 16 up.
system. European the of particular development the drive forward to governance of forms new realising tools for excellent be can business of from world the borrowed skills management Project
There of issue the on shifting Parliament no is democracy.
This be also must which issue an is addressed.
State. another Member travels to she or he when protection same the enjoy to able be should Union European the State of a Member protection in receives who act a reprehensible of victim Any
we. should so and draw conclusions; should Commission European conclusions; the draw presidencies should subsequent the conclusions; should draw Council The
factory. each of inspection per £40-£50 be deemed to is alone Kingdom United the to cost increased The
against it. speak to and someone it of favour in speak to someone possible for it is that, on vote we Before
rules. set-aside the of application their in flexible more much to be States our Member enable will which proposal a is It
purposes. humanitarian for available made can be point - emphasise this to want I and - money more If necessary,
Instead dubious with programmes training of all sorts on spent is money reducing taxes, of results.
here. problem a is So there
2000/2246(COS)] C5-0509/2000 - - 325 State Member [COM(2000) a of territory the from removed unlawfully objects of cultural return the on 93/7/EEC Directive Council and goods of export cultural the on 3911/92 No (EEC) Regulation Council of implementation the Committee on Social and Economic the and Parliament European the the Council, to Commission the from report the on Sport, Media and the Education, Youth, Culture, Committee on of behalf the on Aparicio Sánchez, by Mr (A5-0122/2001) Report
place. in structures good have to just not enough is it but security policy, common and foreign good of importance the stressed have who people those with agree and I policy, and security of foreign field the in especially structures, have new that we important very is It
I summer next in possibly possible, as soon as - criteria the meet once they regimes visa-free introduce will countries both hope I Albania, and and and Herzegovina, Bosnia for process the accelerate to possible everything do to commitment Commission's welcome the year.
else? everyone for vaccines the where are then does, If it
from Colombia. flowers cut of exports of level general the affect will duties customs European in increase slight likely a that not very therefore It is
closed. is debate The
Fund. Fisheries European the under aid the of reorientation Four:
peace. fair genuine, a not in but Palestinians, the of capitulation the humiliation, pacification, in interested is Sharon Mr
Agreement. Schengen present the like arrangement an even needs Finland whether to doubts as its had has parliament Finnish the even I know as far as and debate, public without any extensive fact passively, in rather Agreement Schengen the joined Finland out that pointed be also It should
Union. the of scrutiny democratic the as result, a strengthened, and European Parliament the of the role enhanced further have We
the programme. proposed of the objectives of one is them aggravate or cause pollutants the how of understanding better through of diseases pollution-related prevention The
of? institutions consists the European of functioning democratic the what way practical a in them to demonstrate to order in and incidents, these of repetition any to prevent order cases, in these Government of Turkish informing for the mechanism of any type Council have the does Specifically,
campaign. election his of mistakes the good to make trying is people, own his deceived to and has who lied chancellor, This
test. the in used fuel reference the changing and 2000 from as apply will which limits the tightening proposes report The
policy. foreign assertive a more promoting exclusively on to concentrate order in peace internal enjoy not does regime Secondly, the
zero. is figure ideal the injuries, where and fatalities of number the reduce to measures additional measures, new to have seek will we case, the is this while And
same’. of the ‘more be will recipe economic report, the Commission’s the in we see from what yet, upon us, be soon will Summit Spring Another
the Mediterranean. across place often takes unfortunately trafficking,’ which people all, to eradicate above and, off they set before people control to you help can and we border better, this control to us ‘help is: received have we that the requests of one uncontrollable, and practically is border desert 2 000-km its border: its southern controlling in help for asked has Libya
States. Member within takes place fraud the of 80% that forget not Let us
resolutions. for motions and questions oral of these subjects the are Those crises. financial collapses and market stock currency problems, about are here talking We
security policy. and foreign common of launching a the and currency single the the of introduction market, internal of the establishment the of wake the in the Union, of development the in step vital and logical a and terms, qualitative in leap quantum represents also a time, it same the At
in Bolivia. as just extortion, open through pension system private the of Nationalisation
implications. budgetary have will foreseen actions the to add to any proposals that clear is It
Europe. not in unfortunately but capital, venture provide to usual it is USA In the
Union. European the by defined position the uphold must Council the Security within represented all governments the that namely simple thing, very one Union says European on Treaty the 19 of Article
dismissal. representatives against workers' protection of the on rules detailed down lays which legislation Community no there is that clear and is it right, quite is He
euro? the of external value the about talking European Council the or in House this in no one is Why
equity. private contagion via risk of serious a is There
It ethical on an taken has it issue; economic just an longer no is dimension.
mistaken. simply is them quite to passed data regularly misuse would Americans the that allegation the extent to that So
migration. inter-Union of scale unseen hitherto was a Europe, Eastern and Central states from of especially accession, that result The of
rights. human basic most their and - guarantees freedoms their rights, violating populations, of and citizens 'criminalisation' the and segregation discrimination, promote that measures unacceptable and dangerous these of example an are period, one-year for a declared was Lombardy' and Lazio of Campania, the regions in settlements nomad the to relation in emergency of a 'state May 21 on where Italy, in adopted recently were that measures The
problem. the of scale real the of indication an give not does quite disparate, and data is the violence, of gender-based definition international no is there As
been killed. have thirteen 2002, January since 1 and, alone year last Russia in killed four were journalists Journalists, of Federation International the According to
Minutes) see vote: the of details other and outcome the (For
challenge. the important most as future the to relevance its terms of in system traditional regulatory the of review the described Paper Green why the is That
(A4-0380/98) report Kellett-Bowman
our I of the top at safety that keeps as experience acceptable, sufficient have they if age earlier an at them access allowing of compromise the find will they hope concerns.
it. achieve to trying are which countries to membership of prospect the offers policy a Thirdly, such
few months. a within measures specific to lead could industry that and steel the with Congress process negotiating a beginning of the is it we believe trade. Instead, steel the facing pressures address to order in adopt to going is it policy the on word its last is industry steel the for plan American the believe that not does Commission the that either - here cannot see I - whom Herman Mr say to to should like I
do. have to they States what Member the in back colleagues remind to try should we that and mistakes make often we that is years six for here being after Auditors' reports of the Court from I learn What
done. being is technical work the Now
poorest. the to system benefit that of change a of instead system trade in world the integration towards shift the subscribe to partly only can I
citizens. of education the cultural for run, fatal long the in This is, promoted. be will culture Mass
Brussels. in took that place hearing public the and disasters by natural countries affected six the to made we that visits the to particular in I refer
Russia. leave to allowed was not he but Chechnya, in situation the of account witness eye an us give and today Parliament European the visit to due was He
The parliamentary of form the adopt and to have we legal basis the to as Schnellhardt, Mr then arise, will question involvement.
can do. we little is there as us, problem for a is This
problems. clearly significant are rather what of source dormant a represent yet date prominent to very been not have that issues deals with which report, his excellent for Harangozó Mr thank to like I would (SK)
impossible. almost be will recovery, economic long-term it with and value, of creation added Otherwise, the
and Steel. Coal Fund for Research the programme of research the for guidelines technical multiannual the in defined are this fund of management the to related decision-making procedures proper and essential principles The
solution. negotiated a unturned seeking in stone no leave we will and Ischinger, Wolfgang Ambassador representative, EU's the of work the support We fully
review. budget the discussion on a to have going are We
urea content. its of because waste, human contained has also feed, which with animal mixed been has sludge France In
force. protection European civil a of the emergence bring about can existing resources of pooling a and organisation preventive only which to according Barnier, Mr report by in the recommendation the of the Commission and Council remind the to wished rapporteur the regard, In this
Since economic spectacular a enjoyed have population, the world's of quarter a is that countries, 15 in people billion half and a one 1980 growth.
transparency. ensure to possible, as far as initiative and, real a launch to the Commission call for her particular in them, to support like would simply and requests Randzio-Plath's Mrs all with agree fully I that say to pleased am I case this In said. already else has what to someone refer can if you introduction long a such afford only can you time, speaking minute's one only with as dangerously, very off started have I
increase. on the is drugs these of use But the
it. for voted to have not preferred have would I though this, supported reluctantly I President, Madam
including overtime. week, a hours 65 or 60 work employees require to it does Nor
freedom. defends that an area also is which of security area an citizens the offer to order in courage show must We
users. road other accidents than involvement in higher much proportionally a have they as show, statistics the as all vulnerable, also particularly are They
agencies. rating of role the to regard with transparency greater liquidity and of definition unambiguous an banks, investment and commercial banks requirements of between standards, parity accounting on States United the with terms obtain equal strive to must EU the II, Basel of reform on the negotiations the in that convinced am I because document of this favour voted in I
time. of ahead up give not and with it stick also must we then grounds, genuinely good are there which for strategy ambitious an adopt we if the that opinion of am I
fulfilled. been not obligations have security social or tax when or misconduct, proven in involved been have managers its when wound up, is being a company are when of these Examples
table. at negotiating the issue this with deal then must, We
coming. late very was it that believe probably they or correct framework; most the was agreement Shanghai the that today not believe do European citizens
leaders. unchallenged are House this and European Union change, climate the against fight the In
base. legal as a 13(s) Article add to is amendment first the of purpose The
concern. for cause some give you may That
proposed. been which have amendments, the detail in address me to allow However,
production television and Cinema
findings. Ombudsman's earlier the ignoring Commission was the that effect the to Ombudsman the to turn to had the again complainant 2005, in year later, One
development. regional and coherent political courage requires prevention and damage repair to capacity unlimited an have not We do
In infernal this curbing of capable is policy anti-smoking no and currently more, and more smoking young are people short, trend.
for improvements. further issue an is traceability that agrees also Commission The
away. right you to it show will I and completely new, therefore, It is,
context. a specific in judicial authority a from request data on targeted of reciprocal transfer, a say, to that is exchange, an accept can We
be endorsed. committee regulatory for a proposal s Commission' and the Council that proposing am I
Strong by down dragged than being rather another one with cooperate countries the in which area a euro instead children, but our for debts behind leave not do we that to ensure us help will States Member the between cooperation economic competition.
positively. situation world the to influence the Union for possibility the deal on a great depend will which instrument, important its most especially and redefined, be will European cooperation development of rules and the objectives how also from is it because concretely, actually or reduced cancelled; be will or confirmed be will either the world, of parts poorest the in partners our towards Union the of commitment the whether judge to possible be will it taken, are what decisions on depending because, symbolically, aspects: concrete in its and of view point symbolic the from both importance, fundamental a assumes Agreement Lomé the of renewal the October, last majority large by a expressed already Parliament the European As
closed. is debate The
act. should citizens how or cures said of is little very but rates, infection falling on focuses being printed the material of - more even or - 90% that see can press we the look at we If
foundations. and parties of European funding the to solely devoted Financial Regulation the in section a creating start new can Commission the that so supported be should report The
mankind. of conscience outraged the have acts which in resulted have rights human contempt for and disregard that things other stated amongst ago, years 50 approved Rights, Human of Universal Declaration the to preamble the President, Madam
submerged. are countries these under which poverty of ocean the in drop only a is institutions, international and aid from ones, wealthiest even the states, individual aid from like aid, Union European knows, everyone as However,
international cooperation. importance of the stress to like also would I
ambition. leadership lacked and years for has Union European The
efforts. with disaster-relief in hand hand going measures anti-separatist been have made, distinctions borders its within yet the country, into poured has aid international of amount considerable A
issues. sensitive extremely some with faced here are we gentlemen, ladies and Mr President, Commissioner, .   
debate This this requested we why is that and deeply us concerns today.
respects. its all in region Baltic the in cooperation particular, and, in policy, in environmental policy, Presidency energy Finnish the of expected is action Concrete
leaders. European week by last reached understanding and financial economic unprecedented the given time, opportune more a at up have come could not plenary in this debate on The
This supermarket franchised or supermarkets not to and foodstuffs sell which micro-enterprises to apply exemption shall chains.
unapproved. remained comprehensive, report more the made have which would Group, our by proposed amendments time, the same At
report. important his for Brok commend Mr let me here, still is he as Mr President, .   
I the visit to Reporters Special UN allow and international to experts, independent by facilities detention of types all of inspection to allow Pyongyang urge country.
constructive. and point the concise, to as report revised the Commission regards The
the polluter. by be borne to damage environmental of costs the of Community, the within understanding, common a have to clear need is a there In addition,
attention. your you for Thank
year. the of end the by at or latest mid-1998 date of target the to possible near as as negotiations the conclude be to made now will every effort that and offer improved this to respond to able be shortly will Africa South that hope I
year. this repercussions worst face the that Greece, such as countries, the for European Union the from support financial is needed, as are fires forest with deal and prevent to polices European
Europe. in citizens senior enjoyed by power purchasing tremendous the of symbol a be also really should card senior citizens' the and gentlemen, ladies Mrs Flemming, Commissioner, President, Mr
promotion of reduction the through particular in inclusion, social and of strategy energy to related goals of the development, facilitation and research innovation, employment, of The poverty.
authorities. Israeli the with relations its affect to not as so secret kept Council Jerusalem, the which on accurate report but harsh European diplomats’ the of the include issue to agenda Parliament’s for called I had elections, the Palestinian before Even
It different quite under to apply are that rules detailed is having it difficult how showed clearly proposal previous the that pointed be out should conditions.
candidate countries? other the affecting adversely without implemented to be 1 No Amendment allowing extended, be could Perspective the Financial that case it the perhaps is Or
policy. Cohesion not weaker, stronger, need We
structures. uniform have to so as and uniform approach a is really there that ensure order in to happen should That
nowadays. not 'tariffs' and 'prices' say we goodness Thank
concern’. for reason no is ‘there that declared of Agriculture Minister Turkish the yesterday, statement public Secondly, a in
Mr President. all, is That
EU. the in best regions agricultural the suits CAP The
a trademark. or brand of a theft as common regarded be should which goods, counterfeit against fight the step up to taking action by products in confidence build to also important is It
France. in legally been purchased have which televisions Grundig of Germany in sale example, the for channels distribution, official of outside products legal in trade, trade or parallel as known is what of defence - inception from its Community European the guided which principle a will to refer I example, an As
to life. right the namely rights, human all of most fundamental the of violation gross a is it because that, of approve can or democrat No Socialist
conditions. fiscal comparable under recruit and invest businesses can our if and met are working conditions if the case the be will only This
September? 28 of events the on inquiry commission an of international of creation the push for to intend Council the does all, of First
by guaranteed them. and parties political upon founded is co-determination, and freedom the people for secures which order, political this over, world the state democratic every In
prevention Only crime with generally, a more and, defendants of the reintegration social and rehabilitation the with deal system this extentdoes lesser a to policy.
heyday. splendid and glorious a experienced once sector fisheries the that imply, words your least at think, or you of some impression that is it my - same people the or less more always group, fisheries' of 'friends become a have we indeed, fisheries - discuss we that whenever and gentlemen, ladies must say, I
State? Member own their out in carried being were it if penalties legal subject to would that be research taxes, for their through paying, themselves find could European taxpayers no that guarantee you can the Commissioner: to precise question very a put like to would I why is That
Parliament. the European by as parliaments well as the national controlled, by better be institutional can cooperation of twilight zone the that committee, so joint a such introduce soon will Netherlands the in House Lower newly-elected the that hope I but Netherlands, the in exist yet not do These
behind. left for children or HIV/AIDS living with for people caring of terms in make they contribution tremendous the recognise effort to an make and victims as only women portraying avoid should time, we same the At
Environment the Committee. of amendments the support to colleagues to appeal I
move. Commission's the be to will response government's the is what seen be remains to that All
EU. the within issues rights fundamental on report annual an such adopt task, important its most will, perhaps as Agency Rights Fundamental recently established particular the since in report, annual specific new formal, a having on less convinced are We
of. the middle in are that we revolution the through us guide to trying and speed such at working for Herman Mr thank to like I would President, Madam
level. at European are implemented they if added value visible a given are that and hearts people’s to close are that areas those Precisely culture. and external policy environment, the rights, human for research, development, funds the In
incomplete. be always will That knowledge
problem. to this hastily too reacting consequences before the up weigh and carefully think to needs The Commission
This of distillation from the alcohol of means by achieved be way no in can that something product, high-quality a is and liqueurs, ports brandies, of production the for exclusively intended alcohol, potable since them, by produced of alcohols and distillation of kinds the different of knowledge of a lack demonstrates by-products.
policy. strict mercury implement our to countries neighbouring our urge also we must borders, at stop does not pollution As
interest. of sphere immediate least our at in ourselves, role prominent more a assume to Europe learn also must in we but States, United the of aspirations hegemonic the resist to need the certainly this is of part One
Markov Report: -
Commissioner. you, Thank
this document. of copy a to provide failed far have so officials Commission requests, repeated despite However,
With important very conducting are we and routes, navigable of importance on the Peijs Mrs with agree I navigable routes, of network the defining to regard initiatives.
I these of subject is who the Republic Italian the of President the is it that given deal, great a change will Republic Italian the of President the of surname and the name mention to failing that believe not do amendments.
51 No Amendment Regarding
concerned. parties various the of on part the will strong political a requires emergency an with dealing when speed and efficiency Equally, increased
purposes. peaceful for programme a nuclear develop to inalienable right an has Iran that is second finding The
The vetted be to need really whether employees of is that - Foster Mrs by one addressed and - question critical somewhat second, 100%.
jobs. new create to encouragement and flexibility skills, on focus reforms that market introducing labour and innovation stimulating SMEs), for environment (especially business better a services, and creating goods in market functioning single fully of a importance the have highlighted we particular, In
As for set perspective financial of the ceiling the below billion 9 EUR almost is budget draft 2012 result a the 2012.
States. Member for workable prove will science and on based is which risk-based assessment, a for proposal the support I Secondly,
later. rather than happens sooner change a such that see to duty a have West the in we and better for the change have to But things
the right track. on are we but go, to way long a still is There
Presidency. Swedish the on kind the words for everyone thank to would like I Finally,
pronounced. just has he words for the and his report for rapporteur the thanking by me start Let
them. of some against evidence of lack of the spite in and legal jurisdiction US bypassing of purpose sole the for territory Cuban of this part on almost years ten for in detention been held have Men
Government. Heads of own by their statements made the for or EU leaders the by shown courage political of lack the for suffer made to be not countries must those of people the may, it as Be that
place. in arrangements constitutional our we have once be needed, enlargement will continued how and been has enlargement success a what people telling and Government State of Heads our from leadership need We
inquiry. of committee to the option different a is that Procedure, of the to Rules According
one. democratic a it is if Europe good a be only will Europe this however: clear, is thing One
statements. made these authority you what on true, is it if true and, this is not or whether know to like would I
with. cooperation close very enjoyed have which Council I European the of the Presidency and Commissioner, yourself, mention to not Commission's staff, the Commission and in the my colleagues as well as Group, Socialists the European and Tourism and Transport on Committee the from staff technical the with along worked, I whom with rapporteur, shadow the Grosch, thanking Mr by begin to like would I Commissioner, President, Mr
indicated? date before final the effect negative this presumably impact of lessen the measure to any implement to intend nevertheless Commission the does response, very satisfactory a received having and this about concerned is Commission the that seen Having
it. on down House this of wrath the brings it in case so, about doing be sensitive Commission might the that realise I Now
quickly. more act to Council the We need
registered. been have the i.e. farmers, producers, materials the raw facing problems the that Commission proposal the in slightest suggestion the not is there Yet
amendment. that accept to want not do why we That is
Nothing!
people. young for important very that is issue an address to today trying we are that excellent is speaking, Generally it
taken. are being decisions that the eye on close keep a to is necessary, it if us, on count also can you but you support to us on count You can
I health related has which food for money more pay to are happy shoppers that proven been now has it as Authority Food Safety European the by carried out being that is manufacturing food into the inquiry and study the welcome benefits.
Europe. view of different a have people Young
practical. us be vote: let the before Members fellow my to appeal final one me make Let
research. genome field of the in particularly too, biology especially, for multimedia and, and for telecommunications the earth, and space for monitoring projects targeted initiate to important is it Next,
future. better a of search in and poverty from fleeing day, every illegally Europe in arrive to who people continue of thousands of that which is combat, have we to that reality harsh a of us remind and Eurosur Frontex acronyms the gentlemen, ladies and Commission, the of Vice-President
regulations. WTO in line with bring it to bill government the correct would he that Brittan, Leon Sir with talks promised, in Chile of President The
date? cut-off a purpose of the is What
Meanwhile, is report annual an produce to Commission the for report Ms McKenna's in the request supported.
noon. at place take due to is Luxembourg which in the Commissioners of in swearing the must attend I clock, as o' ten at leave to will have I that know should You
work. hard at still are them of many night, of time this at day – and, the in hours enough not are there thing – that one you tell they would Europe, in SMEs of heads the all to you talked If
protectionism. and importing liberalism exporting others the with fed up are We
1. Amendment No is however, important, more Far
failed. have of Government Heads The .   
real world. the in live to try We
November. last Communication Commission's the down in laid policies budgetary of the coordination of strengthening the on the agreement to respond guiding principles These
expanded. and renewed supported, be to need System Board County Enterprises the 11 Leader and as such schemes bottom-up and be decentralized needs to Europe
two fronts. on will take you direction the of idea clear some hear to like we month, would next Parliament this to come you when therefore, that believe, I
extent. to what citizens, and their to offer to want benefits they what themselves decide for they can and systems, health their regulate and exercise continue to can States Member
elsewhere. attack lie the for reasons the that clear is it when tribune this Venezuela from of government the to attack for courage someone of deal a great takes It
public apply. contractors and private both sector for directive so-called the of demands the far of how question the was that and Council, and Commission Parliament, between argument one had only Ultimately we
States. Member by fifteen the discussed be should economic policy, of orientations major the to relating questions policy, economic of coordination the to relating questions that believe I
together. initiatives common to come and each other with talk to Atlantic the of sides both on legislators main the get you where can assembly transatlantic a plan for to need now indicates, we resolution a motion for this as Surely,
sea. stormy a across a yacht were sailing the rapporteur, Turchi, Mr son, his and he that dreamed night, last I and, sailor a was He
We few phone a made just we that the criticism of because this you tell to want I by; the by just this do not did calls.
happening. not is this that am sure I and any, of aware not am myself I
mentioned. have I problems the evaluating time to due without 2006, giving and 2000 years six between take to was which second, a launching by programme first the up follow to prepared were we 1999 In
dependency. technological of kind some led into ourselves be let not and development with on carry will we but that towards cooperation, working we are system, that own our building are we that to him clear it made I
this. for starting-point good a are House today the to presented have been which reports the and people, of interests the in is which Europe a build we that ensure must We
it consistently. apply must we and here, involved a principle is There
defined. is work their how on depending differently treated be workers cannot said, has he repeat what to me for is no need there and well, so explained Mr Álvarez has as because, workplace the in are protected workers all that ensure to is it as designed proposal, an important is This
debates. public about citizens, our involving debates House about this in ago while short a talking were We
crises. of similar repetition the to prevent framework regulatory a creating of objective the sets Greece and in financial recent crisis the to directly refers package, the in included reports similar other, like the report, This
with. work we that programmes indicative national the of the work or with work we countries that the in papers country work strategy of doing the be it should that suggesting be regulation, to legal and technical a with dealing are we when sense, no absolutely makes it concerned, am as I far as addition, In
of funding. level necessary the get programmes the that to ensure have we Now
impunity. him may guarantee no country and murderer a of actions the justify can ideological reason no that principle the aims affirm to also but agreements, bilateral rules and legal of respect ask the for only not Commission does the to and authorities Brazilian the request to Parliament's Figueiredo, Mrs
speeches. quite enough heard have we believe I And
attention. called Parliament which has to the problem to solution good a represents 7 No Amendment mind, my to that, repeat I would
this. added I that Minister Danish a was as it - but said what was is That
budget. foreign-policy the in are finances our how tight just processes two last budgetary the least at by aware made have been House this of all Members And
development. towards step first a as significance key is of peace that and poverty, of the elimination be has to Africa and EU the between cooperation of aim the primary and responsibility common our that would agree I
The April 5 Tuesday, place on take will vote 2011.
the beneficiaries. for negative imbalances result in in could, effect, system the of inflexibility any that and treatment, privileged receive should risks biometric which cover funds that feel therefore I
services. to comes financial it when leaders world are We
What is - this to relates issue confidence the whole and question - in is management.
resources. own traditional Union's the of % 86.4 to corresponds That
enlightening. most been has which report this helpful for you thank any event, In
Busk. Mr applauded why I is That
bloodshed. the to end an put to capability the had Europeans, who the not Americans, the was only it the time at yet forces, other and Luxembourgish British, Italian, French, German, were There
particularly hazardous. is situation This
Commissioner. matter, this in responsibility of and reality sense your to appeal therefore I
Can are. where us got what dressing is window of sort this think that I that say just I we
My that on dilemma same the facing still group is own level.
Union. the European from economy, that including country's the investment into of influx the hampers significantly this bureaucracy, of level high the with Together
you. thank I
speaking. and technologically visually both up-to-date, be should ID cards that vital is it is why That
start. turbulent a took Presidency Hungarian the deny that Nobody can
components. two of made up turn, in is, This 4%
is excellent. it think We
I European the of views the to attention particular pay we that you assure can Parliament.
EU. towards the means This path. right the on embark country help this to utmost our do should we then spirit, European enough was there not because happened Srebrenica If
countries. these three of rate growth experiencing highest the it is although year, this for forecasts its growth reviewing economy currently is French the and two years; past the over % 1.5 than of less growth slight very experienced has economy Italian the year; last of quarter last the in negative growth experienced economy the German follows: as behaving are area, euro the in product gross domestic the of % 75 for account Union, which European in the economies largest three The
Minutes see positions: common of Council Communication
effects. own personal their using from and from travelling prevent them to intended specifically are measures These
Rica. Costa of the of Republic behalf on you greet I
It reduce these able to be to and shores between both relationship the strengthen to order in agreements, association the of dimension bilateral the as as well identified, has it which projects major joint forward those bring and to the UfM, of framework the cooperation within and dialogue close promote to crucial is disparities.
example. set an could contracts and public quality, air urban on effects the reducing to contribution effective an make also can renewal Fleet
halt. to a European Union entire the bring will which and come, to years the in extremely serious be to prove will which policy a accessories to Parliament, and Council ourselves, making are we conclusions, accepting these By
Internet. the through also but paper Signatures on
parties. nationalist extremist the for only room to allow threatens result of the Tuzla, city the of exception important and the sole with Hence,
groups. the and Members the individual discussions among detailed after the committee by unanimously adopted was report The
development. European of forefront the at will be Netherlands – too the Luxembourg, but or Belgium just not – countries Benelux the Union, three European of the principles the and substance strengthening the of process of this end the at that, expect and hope I
We periods when holiday especially future, the in situations similar avoid to able then be should It agreement. to come an institutions could both if it appreciate therefore would intervene.
when ingested. inactivated be consumption, human for in fish if present and would, centigrade 25º above temperatures at replicate not does It
powers. greater the Parliament, European institution, this granting by combatted be notably deficit can democratic the states that she when me according to wrong is disagree with, I which report her on barrier the side of the other warmly from congratulate I whom Neyts, Mrs colleague honourable our rapporteur, the President, Madam
market. internal European want a We
.
value. immeasurable are of specialities Local
this sitting. by up be cleared would matter the that promised was I
It ratification process entire the undergo required to be will it form in revised even force, and into enter cannot form current its in this proposal that acknowledge have to point some at will again.
vote. a require not does but this others, than enthusiastically more some by Council, Governing entire the by supported anything, are change to not decide or to direction, certain a in decision, a certain on whole a as Council Governing the reached by conclusions the that means consensus Deciding by
respected. was term which country, his north of the in certain stop skirmishes to him on called they and secondly, they immediately, did which Greek, was he that establish to wanted judges the first, him: of asked were two things Olympia, ancient at in person compete to came Macedonia, of King Alexander I, when century, sixth the In
spoke. Commission last the since crisis the of the deepening given week, question this this addressing not is Europe, the of people represents which Parliament, that this extraordinary seems It
of applications. examination the in solidarity be must There
amendment. of types certain accepting to it comes when cannot avoid we which problem fundamental institutional a is there that understand must Members honourable The
force? a driving as image its sharpen it Can
areas. or overseas areas marginal outermost the of treatment the include discussion open an requiring still topics important The
implemented. be also priorities can these ensure that to is that governance European economic of a form of the creation and training and education more technology, information in more investment security, energy greater priorities of four major the mentioned You
does its additional wield would it which on principles the directive the in specify however, not, It powers.
exist today. that rights know the not do citizens Many
farmers. European from products European for a preference to express able be would consumer European Moreover, the
too. tensions experiencing other is region the when time at a whole as a world the on but East, Middle on the just not impact negative a have will that conflict of cycle a new abyss and an into sliding from region the prevent to in order support us, to immediately act international community the that ask we and us, demands of this world whole The
Research. for Framework Programme Seventh the in provided been already have purpose that funds for and monitoring, risk seismic improved into research in resources greater invest should we that proposal the with agree I
strike. hunger ending this of found is way no if face the in death will staring be Many
President-in-Office observations. suggestions comments, their MEPs for all thank to like would I gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr (CS) - Council. the and of
noon. 12 at tomorrow take place will vote The
concerned. city the in in place permanently remains culture if innovative and successful only is project of Culture Capital A
unemployment. with threatened of people behalf on measures amalgamate to words other in employment policy, preventive a for measures and unemployment for measures amalgamate combatting to want we administration and planning simplify to in order 4, i.e., and 3 objectives of in place objective horizontal a common for also appealing are we Secondly,
Union. the with each and other with aid development on policy coordinate their to determination little very States show Member The
aims. noble these export to try to resources of use make its to Europe is how of that is problem The
it. of part been has Parliament and possible, proved has It
issue. this European-wide on action of form some need We
up. followed are made not have been resolutions which and when happens agreements what see course of did we ago, year A crime. up clearing to contribute officers to police trained 200 than fewer still are there However,
area. in this success achieve to way appropriate and workmanlike are a market labour the in partners the between agreements that negotiated think we Instead,
war. avert to way real only the as of Baghdad dictator the of the exile scenario: another space for and time is still there that convinced are countries, many very from of parliament members and figures public other of hundreds with together We Radicals,
issue. this regard to with diligent more be you could if be grateful therefore would I
I and commitment of deal great a debate with this on embarked who has Mr Silva Peneda, rapporteur, the to also and made have been that amendments the for grateful am energy.
goals. their achieve opportunity to countries the give States, will Member between emissions trade to ability with the conjunction in limit, This
achieved. be cannot 2000 of Lisbon the agenda of objective important most the that acknowledging finally are Kok Mr and Mr Prodi that reported media have that the is news important Some
do. to important something extremely is and that decisions, discharge previous the up following in can persist we which in ways the of one is That
regulations. these re-assess to was office term in her during objectives important most the of one that over she took stated when Commissioner environmental The
I speak to going therefore, am, personally.
regime? the topple to action, military of event the in will help, people Iraqi that the Council, the of President-in-Office Mr Commissioner, any chance, there Is
Parliament. this of will majority the President, Mr ignores, and rights people’s these flagrant of violation a which Government, is Cuban the by authorised been have not because they Wednesday, prize on up the pick to come could they that so them to available has made Parliament the European that tickets the use to able been not have afternoon, this here out pointed has been as Prize, the awarded Sakharov been White’, have who in ‘Women President, the Mr   
countries. other to and all Georgia to applies same The
183); (paragraph countries our own in 18 aged under soldiers of recruitment the on a ban support cannot soldiers, we as child children of and abuse exploitation horrendous the on ban support a strongly we while ·
position. common in the included were These
purposes. imperial for exploited still being is genuine, while that, threat terrorist a result of a as measure as urgent an sent data private of deal great to a access have thus will authorities US The
option. an such of consequences results and the likely assess to able be will too that you so discontinued, were growing tobacco for aid if happen ask would what also will presented, be to soon report, our that you assure I can
This Union. the diversity of the handling of way democratic a is it think I and are, we the way is European
It Korean South a blowing up for responsible also was airliner.
Document’. ‘Prisoners’ the on based and Fatah Hamas between understanding reached to the to refer like would I connection this In
basis. legal the of verification the on Rule 63(4) to you refer would I MacCormick, Mr speech by the to regard With
not. Like Iran whereas bomb atom an to possess allowed is Israel why understand cannot I but weapons, nuclear against am I Mr Cohn-Bendit, is
EU. the throughout contracts for compete the to opportunity given being now are companies that innumerable the to and money, for value obtain better who taxpayers, European to both benefit of is That
That the of postponement another for except 2000, Agenda with made was progress why no reason real the is debate!
report. Goepel's Mr with start to should like I
However, the and east to the geographically expand to just Europe greater this for enough is not it south.
2003. October in water on drinking seminar a organised Commission experience, the and knowledge recent assemble most to order Thirdly, in
text. legislative the of receipt pending farmers, our message for a positive is Commission what the send to it aims stage, early this Even at
commerce. electronic on directive the those by covered from particular in and information society the of services other the from distinguished clearly are these that means which networks, electronic via transmitted and general the public to broadcast then and editorial responsibility to complied subject and produced is entertainment purposes and information, education for content which in medium mass audiovisual the of the purpose primary is is What crucial
Does some in serious confiscation less the make other countries by supported and joined is it fact that the ways?
changed. may have House of the composition because the now again vote to not possible is it that said have You
States. Member new economies the the of boosting of capable directive services a and budget strong a policy, foreign common a lacks integration, itself EU the that obvious painfully is it face, human a with globalisation of favour in one voice out with speak EU must when the time a At
EU the soon. in Turkey having of goal the to stronger commitment show a Parliament will this hope I and time, over change will Turkey towards this attitude hope I
stakeholders. civil economic and of institutional, number possible greatest account the into take to and effects, negative potential minimise to order in possible as early as be undertaken to need IAs these that to stress like I should this, to regard With
further. it strengthen to although intend we operational fact, already in is, unit a Such
sector? in the workers of rights the social and market labour the it affect Does
budget. its by restricted has been it this but violence, combat to for trying instrument essential an been has Programme DAPHNE The
On pensions much-needed and the package adopting liberalisation energy the concluding target deficits, underlying to Pact Stability the reforming notably progress, good made has Presidency Hellenic the reform economic directive.
it. upon decisions imposed unilateral having without heard voice making its of capable be must and right own its in power a as seen be Union must European the these negotiations, In
eat. food they the in is what on information have more will consumers increased, and be will choice consumer and improved be safety will as food very important, is this of all that rapporteur thinks The
begins. Council Brussels the time the shape by final line its common this give to them for proved possible it if indeed glad very be would I
takes decision. a Council the when Council the to are available they that so express views its opportunity to appropriate an Parliament European the giving to committed is Presidency the Secondly,
programme. work Commission's the in be safety would food important how Commission the of President here as first speech his in stressed Prodi President and safety, food in confidence consumer has shaken crisis This
put. just have you that question the to writing in react happy to than more be will I However,
Union. European the in areas anchorage or quays all ports, in applicable is it clearly: very stated is it issues, other and fleet the of the modernisation heavy oil, of transport vessels, the double-hull on requirement the to in relation adopted, and Regulation Directive in that the the Member honourable to say would to like I Gibraltar, to regard With
networks. student and academic of the and establishment efficiency energy greater policy, energy a sustainable to see want also We
is made. decision the President, Mr
end. that to come closer to programmes our available and make situation of that improvement an advocate to continue will we partnerships - accession the in it about something do to request the also find will you and - them with contacts our in that means That
It this helps in today passed resolution Parliament European the this, and manage to important is respect.
venture. monetary hazardous for this foundation actual the on been done has analysis real little how example of more one report as view the I
I marine as such us, to important that are issues those to comes it when up the pressure to keep you ask would safety.
scale. ambitious an on done must be Something
costs. at petitions all to relation in looming currently are that errors those must avoid We
the in EU. crisis democratic the resolve than rather reveal to tend we way that But in
products.' biotech of approval the meaningful on demonstrate progress to opportunity an the EU provide order to 'in sanctions trade apply to procedure the to suspend EU temporarily the with agreed USA the Government, US the by statements According to
record. factual pathetic this of the face document in passive and bland ritualistic, a is guidelines, 1994 the of non-implementation the of heels the on hard following guidelines, 1995 of non-implementation the the as characterize would I what on Florence to report Ecofin's
recession. in already not we are if recession, of threatened a period entering are We
terrorism. by afflicted is it now and disasters, borders, many its within wars two had has It refugee problem. huge a has This experienced country
budget deficit. and debt public rates, interest inflation, down deficits, bring diminish to effort successful and necessary the led to having established, been have they that question call into not do We
possible. is that so vote, a roll-call was It
least. at Europe in guaranteed be to human rights of level the about Europe of in Council the are agreements There
The doing our on depends negotiations the in Community the of credibility and efficiency so.
consolidated. and is proven professionalism whose centres responsible be must authorisation necessary with the accredit to and training performing of capable as certify to are States our which structures the so formality, a and undertaking, not a serious be It must mean. what we on to agree have all we training, have to we if are for cooperate, to undertaken already has see I which Commission, and the rapporteur the to thank also would like I
about this. information no had they citizens said of 65% over Romania, In
transmissions. banking as such - private or - on so and investigation - judicial customs, public be they whether sensitive applications, and GPS, of case the in as happens issues, military result of a as interrupted be which cannot precise signal and robust a is, that signal, public a must supply that GALILEO - system GPS to the compared features special of its one is this and - believe we stresses, report s Langenhagen' Mrs As
produced. is bulk opium of the where southern provinces, unstable the to notably applies This
however. problems, were There
votes. versus majority questions unanimity of referring to am I and process, making decision the with concerned matters discussing are we point, this But on
adopted. the week for business of the order declare I
armed. be must Union European the that learn is we can thing third The
legislation. this of the majority from excluded been have we Until now,
A women. trafficking monitor to national rapporteurs to important appoint was it that declared Ministers Justice the since years three now it is that is this of illustration good in
things. those none of be can agency The
There be are to that provisions other of number a however, are, avoided.
So, Mediterranean to other serious threat a creates Adriatic, the and in fauna marine of future and survival the to basic is fry, which hake species, of a capture the promotes simply nets 60 with mm fish to fleet Community certain a for permission President, Mr species.
aviation. of true beginning the It was aircraft. an in metres) 40 barely was for it (although flight controlled powered, first world's the made brothers Wright the ago years 106 that barely remember We
infrastructures. transport of use and development connection with the in costs so-called unpaid compensates only aid that believe I put, is it which use to the regards As
opportunity. missed is a It
rules. any covered by not are which situations in other and kindergartens activities, in leisure in effects their also produce chemicals when isolation, in - police to easy relatively are which - areas regulating these in sense no is there But workplace. in the chemicals for and agriculture in chemicals for rules have We
treatment. medical for need the meet to obligation the and ends commercial for body human the to exploit the refusal on inflexibility based ethical between balance right the finding at debate aimed an open facilitate must the end, Commission To this
budget. CAP the of % 0.8 equivalent to an annum, per ECU million some 350 Union European the cost would present - have at we what on advance great a are already which - rapporteur proposed by the activities The
chosen. were approach intergovernmental the if it threaten would instability which the from it protects this cooperation, of because future the for well augurs States Member of situation financial the evaluating of process in the European Commission of the role central The
Firstly, agreements. essentially are which Agreements, Partnership Economic the new it with brought has Agreement Cotonou the Secondly, Union. the and European countries (ACP) Pacific and African, Caribbean the between relations the of part an essential is trade trade
Turkey. to visits frequent on my findings my based have also I reports, other and study Commission’s the from Apart
energy. to linked way in some problems, are major the of % 80 least at or problems, All environmental
this issue. with dealing suitably of ways study to have will legislative we process, the During
Last Srebrenica. resolution a passed Parliament FYROM the week, on
revived? and mended be still can but very thin worn has that relationship a – citizens fellow our and us between trust of relationship the of and institutions, our Europe, of of fate and the future the dramatically, and simply more but, demands corporative crazy not of collection a stake is at is what that to understand difficult very it Is so
justified. more are than journalists of persecution the and press of the freedom the on restrictions the situation, human rights the about concerns that our evidence unfortunately, is also, It
scale. human a on remain always system social and economic the of competitiveness the and growth that important is it Therefore,
I in tortured not detainees are ensure that to authorities Syrian the for calling motion in the paragraphs the support fully also prison.
competence. and powers EUROPOL's expand efforts to EU the at expressed concern have who support those much very I
Many EMU the fit not do countries corset.
dear. most all hold we which that preserve to order in us with side by side stand to world the of nations the in UNESCO, persuading in succeeded, we but nevertheless easy, not It was
Mr in situation the it is taken, being action adequate any without times many so said and said been has possible everything think I which on subject one is there if and gentlemen, ladies President, Burundi.
clear. quite make that should We
societies. our such to contributions make who people for rights equal at looking be we should said, others have As
year. this of end the by scheduled be must believe we that decision framework a for a proposal presenting our to view a with debate, the contribute to to the opportunity States, future Member and current both in professionals, legal and society civil give will Green Paper This
Europe. in services of movement free restricts the Furthermore, censorship
participants. the of mutual interests the account of took extent, a certain to which, bilateral agreements concluding of possibility the been has also There integration. regional associations of or organizations credit by imposed international been not have of consolidation programmes draconian since policy, economic autonomous some exercising of of powers, correlation the of the basis on and limited albeit possibility, been the has there To date,
in added value of rates on reduced Burg's report den van Mrs vote on the from abstained have Ole Christensen, and Jørgensen Dan Schaldemose, Christel Britta Thomsen, Nyrup Rasmussen, Poul Parliament, European the of Members Democratic Social Danish (DA) The - writing. tax.
Union. European the live as in people many as live, people 380 million which in region a - flooded been have tributaries its and valley Yangtze entire The
Instrument. Neighbourhood the in partners social by the played role the is reiterate important how to opportunity this to take like would I
authority. and strength added Commission and Council the of demands and criticism gives our what precisely is ourselves of critical view a take to willingness our that fact the for support broad will be there May, in vote at the that hope I
Union. European the of market labour the to access States new Member from the workers for granting period transitional a impose to decision the regarding importance political great of is clause view, this In our
State. a viable enjoy to right denies their Israel Bank that West the on built is settlement after settlement as their perception understand we must However,
We come their parents and school leave time they the between gap that stop and to of trouble out people young keep help to the Community clubs across youth of network a about think to need home.
hunger. from suffering people of number the increases this sort measure of every single but emissions, CO2 by increased environment the only harming not we are meat, of 1 kg produce to required fodder of amount which the increase regulations welfare animal as such efficiency, its reduces expensive and more production agricultural makes that regulation a new draft we time each fact that face the must because we point this emphasising worthwhile is It
unspent. remained billion 15 EUR Budget: Union European year's last surplus in the enormous about ago moment a spoke Podestà Mr President, Mr
accepted regulations. the respect to have I the budget, for responsible Commissioner the As
text) the adopted (Parliament
realization. concrete its Commission safeguards the that fact the about afterwards complain not should play of common rules with market common a supported previously have who Member States
context. specific highly in for a housing funds of use the consent to is there conditions, and financial economic new light of the in today, while States, Member new the for only accepted was housing on and spending rejected, were ago years forward several put which arguments MEPs - the crisis of effect surprising rather a undoubtedly, is, This
simply. more quickly and down more funds draw to States Member allow to simplified, be to procedures the for call very emphatically You
penalty. death the of use their statistics on official and accurate provide to states to need encourage also We
reserve. flexibility the on by calling provided be should not and budget, the in regular place a have should this financing believe we that this of because precisely however, is, It
a site. bathing as Belgium by site identified a involved referred Ries Mrs which to case Walloon The
however. not, did It
values. common have we because us of single one every upon attacks are attacks, Kingdom, attempted or United in the attack Madrid, an attack in an Denmark, in attack an Germany, in attack States, an United the attack upon An
1981. in was which of first the resolutions, of a series is of one this recall will You
another. to building of the side one get from to there up go another and lift to get or and inside outside buildings the across cross and floor ground to the lift a in go down to have you Therefore
and counterproductive. reprehensible is policies in our rights human to accorded place the concerning persistent vagueness The
that agenda. on must be which raised have I which key issues of number a are There
easily. more subjects tackle these me to allowed and request every my to responded always have who Union Customs and Taxation for Directorate-General the within to spoken I have people various the warmly most thank to I wish why is That
also proposing. now are you, Commissioner, that something is this better cooperation; and information better for need a is there that is conclusion our Therefore,
destroyed. valley see the to want not do who citizens Polish by complaints the into looking be will that inquiry mission an out sending will be Petitions Committee on House's this mid-June, In
unfrozen. be to is aid financial if the law, international and with compliance democracy to regard demands with Parliament's European the meet soon Turkey will that hope also I
elsewhere. and Sweden in case been the has This lakes. European many northern in biodiversity destroyed oxides, have nitrogen and with sulphur together the atmosphere, from rain Acid
airports. between competition fairer foster to want also we criteria, new these using Secondly,
that. for responsible been have those who all again to tribute pay to I want and well extremely the job did Agency The
isolation. its from escape can which it in way a proposing Ireland is Additionally,
consideration. into taken must be issues these All
enjoyed. have I cooperation constructive whose groups various the shadow for the rapporteurs including worked, have I with whom those thank opportunity to this take to like should also I Finally,
I the read have article.
completed you which tasks the to credit enormous does that a capacity it with done have you but Finland for presidency first successful very a have You addressed.
inflation. of rate natural a as thing a such be might there forgetting that - perhaps % zero below even % - 1 %, below 2 below inflation of control target: one pursuing single-mindedly essentially is Council The
sphere. judicial the and sphere police international the through one civil a rather but response, military a requiring matters been never had They on. so and crime, terrorism, insecurity: organised generate that to problems civil responses were what on impact direct has a it Moreover,
%. 17.5 was set-aside compulsory determined for percentage the No 1765/92/EEC, Regulation means of By
jobs. 000 590, providing and businesses UK overseas 000 66, has Essex
course. due category in that introduced into be will those that - 259/93 Regulation of Annex by V for provided is that and is - the intention but covered, still are hazardous which are which items eight are there that is true It
consideration. very careful after this done have We
say. must rapporteurs, I other than more clearly, much extremely message this conveyed having rapporteur, for the Gill, Neena thank to like I would
innovations. technological dissemination of the promote to order expires, in ECSC the after period the for model ECSC the on based fund research a have important is to it very that also feels industry steel the Fourthly,
represented. fully the Council, also and Commission, the see both to today, liked would have I So
change. climate on cooperation international strengthen to efforts our in support this need We
trafficking. illegal no is that there ensure to taken be must care every and strict be very course must of Here, procedures
Europe. outside of relocations results in or saving it discourages that high be so not must source at deduction of rate the However,
directive. to the contrary is content which its of terms in also legally and contested be can communication This
acceptability. environmental and safety of notions with Western comply used the techniques dismantling where yards, certified dismantling of establishment the on should focus measures aid reason that For
If would fishing, non-industrial that of management proper the at aimed measures certain apply to were sector this help.
outcomes. accountable measured and of terms and in of inputs terms in both effective, more systems the make will proposed change The
certainty. legal and transparency ensuring to further should contribute This
Kenya. endeavours in legislative behind the intentions similar see we Today,
law. of rule the of principle the ways to establish many in Russia with closely working be Union will The
option. an is not tactics cold-war to returning why reason is ago, another 40 or years to 30 compared changed completely, has world the that fact The economy. international on the relies Russia much how also but Russia, on rely we much again how yet demonstrates crisis financial The
Europe. in asylum of the right to regard with situation the improve significantly to us will enable that texts draft with return I can year, the of end the by that, hope and President, I Mr you, and Parliament thank warmly must therefore I
outermost regions. Spanish French and the to also but Madeira, Azores and the regions, outermost with its Portugal, to applies particularly This situation. from their flows that potential the and Amsterdam highlight of Treaty the in made amendment of the account take should policy fisheries common the that important is also It
world. whole to the people Timorese the by courage shown the with delighted been has Pereira, Pacheco Vice-President by chaired work in its Parliament, European The
government. the down bring to plotting of accused hiding, into gone now has Rainsy Sam opposition leader democratic The
oil. and in gas trade for the point transit largest world's the only not is This region
now! but time, years’ ten not in – into being coming order is world new A
Treaty. Lisbon of the force into entry the following be should 2008 updated in agreed approach twin-track the whether now evaluating right is Commission The
Crespo. Barón Mr by as recommended Plan’ ‘Marshall the very welcome much I respect, this In
mistake. rectify this to they were if State, and Member one law, about to the contrary 2000, January 31 on they made statement the retract publicly to were they Feira, in if, either the 14 hurt not would It
transport Sweden longest the of some has which EU the in countries those one of is distances.
insurance. maternity and sickness under provided kind in of benefits reimbursement the particularly Commission, the presented by amendments valid the to addition in requested two amendments the support We therefore
I not will coordination market-led that believe work.
the streets. on families and their workers thrown 100 3 has accept, cannot I which and capitalism of form most savage the reflects which attitude, This
here. used be technology can new the since plants new for be prescribed standards can Strict
This can be quotas that jargon - with this familiar not are who those particular in addressing am I here and - means modified.
1.
country. that in situation rights human the in improvements and democracy on in Burma authorities the with talks for start a be would Kyi Suu Aung of San release The immediate
suffer. and they victims are They
controversy. of matter a be to deserves Pact and Stability Growth that the view the take I Mr Karas, Unlike
I our for reasons know the you let and this on check will appointments.
about... to do going is Santer Mr reactions) What (Mixed
This dialogue relevant the of all to to emphasise continue will EU the that important point an is partners.
Local few the last in target, preferred their been have to seem representatives months. elected
'Do European the new be could do' I as not and I say as motto.
looked into. interest be general of services on directive framework draft a that requested has Parliament European the in Group Socialist the know, as you why, is That
systems Efficiency training and education European in equity and (vote)
Europe. unifying of that important than more is no task ourselves, such as liberals For
In our in rights reproductive or abortion to making reference any avoid should we happening, this of the risk prevent to order documents.
post. from his resign to Fischler Mr for Commission, the of honour for the desirable, have been would It
this. of examples many There are
finances. public our deficits in record and are there is rising unemployment lost, being are Jobs War. World Second since the crisis economic worst its through going is Europe
points. of number a on focused Affairs on Legal Committee the in The debate
constructive stance. a took Council, which the by adopted subsequently were out, point should I which, of most and Commission proposal the improved think, I which, reading first amendments at 29 approved turn, Parliament In
mistake. a was think this I
safety. road growth and economic change, climate to respect with our achieve goals to element key a is therefore mobility urban Sustainable
of certainty. degree any absolute with harmless classified as be can that radiation of levels no there are that indicates knowledge of current level Our
countries. least-developed the interests the of to paid being of attention amount exaggerated the at wonder only I can connection, this In
development. economic and stability peace, promoting of the forefront at Caucasus Southern making the to give commitment a to Union European on the calls document our Mr President,   
future. the for important vitally is which a sector efforts in Commission's the supplements strengthens and largely one which is report His
out. that find to away too far are citizens the but - responsibility the less transparency, less the democracy, less EU, the more the the opposite: is EU the that is truth the but citizens, for the an EU and greater transparency democracy, greater of terms itself in advertises EU The
. about summit all is Brussels the Nice, and at Amsterdam there were who those For
China. with relations bilateral our and Organisation Trade World including the multilateral instruments, suitable the most identify order to in the situation assessing are We
situation. devastating a in country the leave will irresponsibly Iraq, which withdrawing from for argue the USA in candidates Democrat presidential and Republican both Unfortunately,
concepts. ready-made us with confronting than rather far, so been has it than more debate the in involve Commission Parliament to the and Council the call upon I
illegal weapons. as well as weapons legal ban must we know that cannot we because is precisely It
banned. be must public places in Smoking
rules. cartel violations of combating and merger control of aim the difference between essential an is there view, in our However,
present. not is Council the if planned as agenda the on item dealing this with in point much not is there that are right You
market. of world the liberalization further the on negotiations new of commencement the from away years are two just We
It in opposition and media non-governmental on crackdown a been has there that denied be cannot Kazakhstan.
Islam. of interpretation conservative a national and pride force, Arab military of combination a on regimes founded by years now many for ruled been has Sudan President, Madam
future. forestry's to support reason good have I constituency, urban mainly a I represent that fact the despite and Britain, 'townie' in in a called be I would Although
question. taking the for you Thank
fodder. of production the with be associated it would because rearing livestock to natural approach a more promoting terms of in effect positive a have would This
Europe. in wealth available the of 15% than more owns population the of time 1% same the At
Charter. the by abide would they that promise a and states their own of citizens the to signal constituted a partners, also but European their vis-à-vis them obligated only not signatures Their
Alps. the in traffic two-way tunnels with long visited two of chairing, pleasure the had I which Tourism, and Transport Policy, on Regional Committee the delegation of week, a Last
evicted. being still now they are which from hovels, or in the streets in others time live same the at and money, in rolling are and luxury of life a live themselves, gorge there cohorts Mugabe's
important. very is This
State. African of Heads East of Summit the at made resolutions the with line in process, the Arta created by the momentum losing avoid to order in - Puntland earlier and Somaliland I mentioned authorities - current the dialogue with immediate into enter to Government transitional the urges reiterate, would I policy, and this 2000, 8 September on made statement in the particular in policy, a adopted has Union European The
Unfortunately the should involvement Community by any form the with as proposal the of content the with concerned much so not are which discussions to irrelevant due is delay this take.
. status' marital a specific requiring provisions relevant the to prejudice without orientation, sexual or sex beliefs, religious philosophical or political, race, indirect, to or direct reference, without Regulations Staff these treatment under equal to entitled be shall "Officials that: provides regulation of the 1a Article issue here. what at is is precisely this because again this once quote will I
A of the policies the to ECB the of policies link the to how about asked was question NCBs.
market. the in flexibility and employment high-quality He wants
that? for ourselves prepared we time it not is is President-in-Office, therefore: Mr Council, the to question My
October. last Poos report the examining were we when you told I what to add to nothing I have Council, legislative possible of a subject the On
selling. on door-step instance, provisions for deleted; be general in can legislation by existing covered already Provisions
Primarily, various with groups social of opportunities market labour the of improvement the to emphatically attention call we disadvantages.
for this fires the in destroyed, totally not damaged, if was that forest biodiversity the restoring of form the take should example, Reforestation, summer.
years. few last the well in developed extraordinarily has department your environmentalists and between collaboration and that hearing, group's Party European People's the at were present you that glad very am I Commissioner, So,
However, and Jews all Christians, to danger a presents this Muslims.
96. in Amendment principle runner top the endorse unreservedly and I here key word the is Innovation
I this on make to points four have subject.
efficient. and complete more it make to order area in this in States' legislation Member approximating the further to view with a review under currently acts legislative are these of All
stay. here to is euro The
here. complimentary speeches make just us not let and explain, and provide answers them, with a dialogue into to enter public the fears of and concerns justified the and sensitivity the use us Let
money. particular about very not so is tax, and duties customs for responsible be to who is people, all of This Commissioner
of. view different a rather takes perhaps Commissioner the which point, third to my then, I come,
above. from imposed processes not and democratic national through determined be must politics of areas specialist significant choose within States Member individual Which routes
year. this earlier review a out such carried we said previously, I As
market. to the subject them make and liberalise services to public to judges left is it that so directive, the from removed being are areas Sensitive
sell. and buy to want they things all the almost sell and buy who the people We are
Auto/Oil programme. the phase of first the in efficient economically be to shown not been have which measures specify they because and 62 59 52, 51, 50, 47, 46, 45, 43, 11, 42, Nos Amendments accept cannot we Secondly, Directive down 94/12/EEC. laid in already is criterion That
States. Member many for priority a not is environmental crimes prosecuting fighting all, and After
this proposals about talking started Commission the and Council the time is it sense, and make subsidy that of of time period a over reduction gradual for a Its issue.
voting. during put be cannot amendments oral you As know,
How we have far got?
process. conciliation the in Council the negotiations with lengthy and readings through three report of this handling his for the rapporteur congratulate I
States. cooperation Member between encourage must we respect, this In
either. work not does referred you which to the decentralisation administration and no is level, ground there at but, reserves, the in nothing leaving this, for the funds up have topped We
elections. announced early government Mr Gruevski's ago, days few a President, Mr (EL)
courts. own their from judgements any even without Afghanistan masse in en penalty the death applying USA the is that out point should Finally, I
aid. other, heading-2, for mechanism flexibility the to use had we year, this for, shortcomings its seeing are we moreover, Now,
report. the Oostlander in flaw major a is This
action. domestic on emphasis the to abandon have We
question. course, of not, does report the wealthy, which the for rates taxation of low result the This is
occasions. on several Council European and the Council the by both concluded also was This
efficiency. improve designed to directives by new feet their under cut from ground the have should economy, command Communist the of relics be to alleged firms, cooperative the that intended is it with Coupled that,
disaster. of type the classify to helps which given, be losses must the of total value the and place takes disaster the after weeks ten later than submitted no be should application the that stipulates Regulation provision the of The
need. we that success the have will, together, we then House, of this rest the with well work Commission the President Commission the and If
Given investments and endangered many of the rescue to Bank came Investment European the banks, the of restrictions capital and policy lending stricter liquidity, the limited projects.
gave. just you answer the with convinced not am totally I President, Mr
concerns. of consumer account taken course, of also, and this to relation in concerns States' Member met the will have we place put into proposals are these when that am satisfied I proposals and of a number made have We
actually Malta begin. with negotiations formal the should time any at enlarged be can negotiations force task the that to steps ensure taken already have we that Günther Mrs reassure also can I
done. been already This has
and care. HIV treatment testing, to barriers down breaking of principle the support and endorse and fully HIV/AIDS of early and care diagnosis early on resolution the welcome I Commission, the of behalf On
Presidency. Portuguese the of start the at of Minister Portugal Prime the to greeting very special a extend to all first should of like I Members, honourable Minister, Prime President, Mr (PT) Commission. the President of
ball again. the off eye our taking are We
States. Member individual in legal environment confused a to contribute also would but funds, from these on payments effect negative a only have not would which States, Member some of apathy the through delayed greatly be may reform process the entire as this, on limit placed time a be there should However,
court. Croatian the now in is ball the that believe we sum up, To
decision. its made not yet has which Council, the all in of First
perspective. change of radical a is It
While exchanged must information of strict confidentiality rights and taxpayers' for respect requirements, interest tax domestic or secrecy bank of basis the on exchange on no restrictions be should apply. there
allowance. an to entitled are who years old, than 65 less are who sick the allowance, and an to entitled not are old, who years 65 over who are and sick disabled the against discrimination is Italy, there In
level. European at made to progress be for to follow course right the is It
A and to Bucharest Brasov, and Curtici via go, will axis this north of the to branch Constanza.
Europe. and Eastern world third the of countries of the rights union and wages the starvation with to compete able be never shall We
2000/0147(COD)]. - [C5-0103/2002 (VAT) indirect taxation of field in the cooperation administrative 218/92 on No (?EC) Regulation amending regulation Council and Parliament European the for basis legal the change to proposal Council's the debate on and urgent a topical for request a received I have
level. EU at rate VAT the standard of level appropriate the of evaluation further allow to also but legal certainty, necessary the businesses give only to not extension is the of purpose the that Commission the agree with I
monetary terms. in much very cost not does implementation its successful as much as in greater the is all 5 Goal Development Millennium of importance The
coastlines. our along life permanently maintain to able be alone not tourism would Summer
scheme. this in environment the for gain virtually no There is
directives. gas liberalisation and electricity EU's the accepts wholeheartedly report the think I that this is key for reason A
legislative resolution the adopted Parliament
crucial. absolutely are networks to transport access for standards minimum the that out point must I
transport. road in sector, and maritime the in railways, the on control, traffic and air in safety deficiencies: shocking are still there Everywhere,
EU. the upon ageing population an by demands made the of basis the on with dealt be should women for of globalisation consequences the think that not do I the report, of actual content the to comes When it
political correctness? sake of the for objectivity of lack as a seen be this Could
transport. of all sectors to pertaining of Conduct Code uniform a create to promised and the initiative, with Commissioner-designate agreed The
people. training young of goal-oriented more for the requirement a creating thus standards, safety and quality higher of establishment the and technologies new modern of development the with will grow activities and areas of range in whole a competence professional demand for that say like to would I context, this In
rate. employment legal 70% attaining the for and development sustainable for indispensable be will market labour the in new segments these Involving
time. long extremely like an seems what for discussion in partners been my have who tonight friends many so join therefore, to pleased, very am I
means. rhetoric actually our what of honest assessment provide an to attempt an is it air: the of plucked out figure not a is This
ground. the on to act organisations these of ability real the has limited this and raise, to able been States have Member various the what of terms in amount, desired match the does not Kosovo in organisations international the appropriate to available made resources of amount total that the aware Council also is the Alavanos, Mr Nevertheless,
extremism. and political religious to young their losing worry about families Muslim of Millions
of solidarity. type a is itself and Pact, Growth and Stability the of rules ground the according to procedure the correct is this Indeed,
again anywhere. ever scale same like the anything on discrimination racism or see inequality, to want not would I and apartheid, the of legacy investigating been had which Commission and Reconciliation Truth the working for I was where Africa, South in me for began year The
us. to helpful very appreciated and much be will and expected is and Minister the Commissioner the from answer courageously straight A
targets. with employment, specific strategy for the of guidelines the and policy of economic orientations general the in basic element the see, will you as now, is of ageing question The
to compensation. entitled be will one no and then under go will sector fisheries collapse, the will tuna bluefin of stocks then not banned, is global trade If
Union. the farming in of viability the and food supply of certainty both eye the for has an it which means rational, agriculturally-economically remains it because also but objectives health and ambitious environmental achieve to seeks it because primarily support, our deserves that an agreement on very hard worked have our rapporteurs gentlemen, and ladies President, Madam (NL)
summit. informal the have we will Tomorrow,
needs. the to adequate funding on response based humanitarian a for allows that item important very the a text, in also mentioned is provisions aid of revision humanitarian yearly a of possibility The
participation. broader for and action society take to civil for support as and opinion public European for catalyst as a authorities, the and citizens the between a bridge as act They
countries. 18 to up for developed was 1995 and since operation in been has system current The
period. planning the of the at be end made to have that payments of accumulation an to lead may programmes the out in carrying that delays risk the of aware become also must authorities regional national and competent The
suggestion. helpful very for that you thank President, Madam
deficit under control. public keeping and expenditure of types certain redirecting by be resolved should problem the that believe We deficit. increased mean not necessarily investment public does greater coin: the of side other the forget however not must support, we I fully which investment, to public priority greater giving In
Would go should something traceability if same the provide to indeed and information same the consumers give to as well, pigmeat and sheep but poultry just on not swiftly, to move need we that agree not Council the wrong?
forward. move country the helped dams and railway factories, of advent The
future. the in and today society our challenges of the to solutions finding for indispensable is Europe and of heart the at industry is that stated has Tajani Vice-President
economic development. EU countries' to the contribution considerable a made has and area EU the within facilitating trade at successful very is EU The
Russia. with of relations easiest the not have does that country from a come I Russia, from supplies to energy regard With .   
impact. big a has made money of amount that However, even
depot. freight the at at present Channel Tunnel the entrances to the around exists that anarchy near of situation the namely this House, to direct relevance is of which matter a to attention draw to like would I President, Mr
symbolic. remain basically and sufficiently thorough opinion, our in not, are proposals the of parts these lines, but right the along are proposals your of some Commissioner,
Europe. supranational for a praying hoping and people are today, the that claim still and which claimed surveys, biased and propaganda of floods the (despite referendum a negative with faced being feared it because all above did so it then deal’, bad a than is deal better ‘no that grounds the fallacious on fail negotiations let preferred to Presidency French if the that fact the forget not us Let
2006. June by implementation report on Commission subject a to January 2008, 1 from goats sheep and for identification electronic compulsory would introduce secondly and place, in is system recording electronic an as time such a until individual numbers sheep of recording all would drop which proposals, original the on compromise a presented now presidency has Council The
Justice. of Court European the before pending currently Coleman case the interest great with follow we this In regard,
take. to we have decisions that practical the to reference with least not the Council, in discussion constant of subject the topic is This
4. Title under action no been has understanding there the since that and legislation, this of title damaging most the 3, Title suspended has States United the of the President that been consequence has The
the Council. from response official an for waiting were we because today to yesterday from this report on vote the postponed we gentlemen, ladies and President, Mr
shortcomings. conspicuous some still are progress, there modest been some has there although However,
back? money their of all, or some, taxpayers Irish get the will case, In that
parents. their with reunited be can – level international at in force legislation the all by decreed is as priority, a is family a to right whose – children these happens that so it that hope do we still but before happen Christmas, to this expect not do We
rights. human of violations its cease to Turkey moved unfortunately not union has customs the of The establishment
document. binding a be would Rights, Fundamental of Charter a as which, a charter adopt or document legislative up a draw to unable still are Union European we the in Meanwhile,
cars. of scrapping governing the rules now has EU the within country Every
users. the by welcomed much and travel local our of feature a already off are and on people to let kneel which buses low-floor recommends: report Murphy the what just which do success great with been have pioneered buses where and Blaby Northamptonshire of my constituency in exist already transport modes very similar that Commissioner the remind I need unsurprisingly, Finally, and
Iranian people. the of good the for work to will its of us to convince unable be will regime Iranian the opposition, the of the role to deny continuing by that stress to I want
The complementary or overlapping with agencies merging of the possibility evaluate therefore should activities. Commission
words. Mrs Lambert’s echo to fight, the of end not the is certainly This
be. should it as just is That legislation. existing enforcing carry on to but choice no the has Commission that customs, Community concerning letter a in said what Liikanen Mr agree with entirely I
2003/0242COD)]. C6-0156/2006 – – bodies [PE-CONS 3614/2006 and institutions Community to Matters Environmental in Justice to Access and Decision-making Participation in Public Information, to Access Aarhus Convention on the of the provisions of the application on Council the of and Parliament European the of regulation a for Committee Conciliation the by approved text on joint the Committee, Conciliation the to delegation Parliament European the of behalf on Korhola, Eija-Riita Mrs (A6-0230/2006) report by the item is next The   
again. consider point this to you ask particularly would I
this? doing we Why are
There about doubt no overcome, be hurdles to still are that.
They two the of implementation the monitoring attention in great pay will Commission the which to advice the and concerns Parliament's the European reflect agreements.
America. Central of countries the with civilisation of alliance an form must Europe of nations the market, the and migration agriculture, finance, of the globalisation of backdrop the Against - writing. in (FR)
television. through today is information their get way people The
against Syria. war "preventative' a waging Israel of talk is also There
objectives. defined jointly pursue a whole as the Union and States Member the that ensure to try also must we Secondly,
comments. Member's the support appreciate and well can I
The fundamental and rights strengthen to citizens' order in Community, European the establishing the Treaty of IV Title and Union on European Treaty of the Title VI of basis the on justice and security of freedom, area an to create designed initiatives the all 2001, consolidating of end the proposal before well a present to Commission the on calls time, same the at but, proposals Commission the support plenary that proposes therefore Affairs Home and Justice Rights, and Freedoms Citizens' on Committee rights.
pay. to enterprises medium-sized and small of ability the to support and ethics, payment improve market, to internal the of functioning the improve to aims late payments against action report on The
energy. of sources sustainable promote to efforts reinforce should we does, notoriously the Community as industry, power nuclear European to the money much so and giving supporting of and instead energy, of sources sustainable of efficiency improved the have greatly years recent advances in Technical
ones. environmental of including benefits, a number offers transport maritime of development and growth gradual The .   
farms. Shebaa the of Israel occupation ongoing by the is d'être raison the Hizbollah's of Part
unanimously. even or majority large a by so did agreement, and SWIFT new the approved Commission the today, its session in gentlemen, Barroso, and ladies Mr Mr President,
States. Member matter for a be to considers List June the which area policy another yet go into will the that EU means report Secondly, the
a.m. 11.00 at tomorrow place take vote will The
procedures. certain decision-making of opacity the about concerned and quantified are running costs provisional investments and necessary the which approximation with the relative by surprised am nonetheless I War, World Second the of end since the integration European of phases major the about learn can public the where place a of creating objective share the I as much As
market. internal the to countries ten new of entry the celebrate can we 2003 where end of the before Forum Market another Single in organising market single the us and join will Commissioner, you, that hope First, we
facing forwards. people to do as they just sideways, people facing to apply gravity of laws the Surely
Afghanistan. in political groups the all by shared position was common This
solved. is everything Council, the in majority by a voted have because we think that We
of civilisation. question a are animal tests of refinement and reduction replacement, The
The this ending to obstacles political and legislative institutional, face serious will we weeks, coming in the closed not are gaps the because if are flashing, lights danger round.
years. or months days, terms of in also terms but week in just not periods working of duration the on limits adopting by aim, that working with time reducing of the principle seen clearly had we if been possible have might that this think We
issue. this to return will we period, but one-year the extending of idea the support able to be not will I So
shared asset. a is it that to stress all, of first like, should I
in France. copied soon it was and Europe, in country only the as Belgium in it introduced I successfully
– Games Olympic the for products sport of the production in working standards basic for respect on Group, UEN the of behalf Crowley, on (B5-0191/2004). Brian
To our of worthy and courageous be me to to seems increasing are nationalist arguments when time a at schools in learning common advocate gratitude.
report. supports this and welcomes Commission the cooperation that of spirit in the therefore, is, It
expression. of freedom security and protection, on data legislation develop to essential is it feel I a result, As
fatigue. s captain' the to connection that who in referred Andrea and Doria the of loss the about talked who Fatuzzo, Mr visionary, eccentric to our listened ago, we moment a rapporteurs, President, Commissioner, Mr
Union. European faced the by problems fundamental two report raises this President, Mr (PL) -
not. is it Sandbaek says Mrs if even up to, leading is report this what however, is That,
committee. in approved unanimously been have which suggestions and concerns the of some communicate to like would I Process, Barcelona on the and Media Sport the Youth, Education, Culture, on the of Committee opinion of the as draftsperson President, Mr
The be will you hope MEPs Socialist Greek appointed.
the regions. of diversity and originality traditions, promoting and reviving by development and through society, civil of principle the as Youth regards Forum, European the in and Centre Volunteer European the in example for communities, disadvantaged from citizens mobilise and to invigorate also help Volunteers
I technical a on including one up, set to working fact in are we that, and on you agree with level.
the world. around spots currently trouble hundred a one of any in barbarism to light green given a have will we Meanwhile
The of issue major the on disappointing more were even results immigration.
A more be this group can but up, set been has Commissioners group of transversal proactive?
the EU. of existence very the for reason the about doubts as well EU as membership, about doubts their voice constantly who President Klaus, including country, the in people there are of this, In spite
sales. arms and ingredients of diversion chemical the laundering, money consumption, distribution, production, is say, to that chain; the in link every drugs, at of problem global serious the together confront to us requires principle This
the same. say would Perry, Mr colleague, my think I and that I deplore
true. will come prophecy this too, that Commissioner Verheugen and Cox President by expressed hope, the me gives debate This morning's
dialogue. a not a monologue, is That
planning. political serious-minded about to being Commission the commits confidence of a pact addition, In
The energy of improvement efficiency.
proposal. this of the importance overemphasise cannot I
   positive very of number a contains which report her on to Mrs Gröner congratulate like I should all, of first President, Madam proposals.
Specifically, General against attempt assassination the with connection in citizen, North American a involving prosecuted, been has case one Chile only in that state to like Letelier. would I
Georgia. in changes recent political of light the in doing are change we what to need we not or whether to consideration giving be coming months, the over will, We
Telemessages, its are they society; information the for basis the form will networks, information or properly more highways.
enforcement. and monitoring quality of the step up sides to all on urgent the need addressing also but waters, third-country in governance improve to helping is Union that the ensuring fishing agreements, EU’s the to regard with care taken is crucial that is it why demonstrates example one this that me to seems It
transporters. American huge in class club it import we yet and applied the Taliban have which death penalty the oppose We
violence. videogame regarding exist controls that the on check careful a carry out to them asking Affairs Ministers Home EU the to letter a sending of Frattini, Mr initiative, your We support
details. the on us with hour negotiating over an spent Mr Barroso, Commission, the of President The
of poverty. spread the and situation unemployment the of gravity the for are responsible which plans redundancy the such as to society, damaging are most which areas in the including groups, capitalist the large activities of the facilitating for responsible institutions, European the of orientation fundamental the reflects budget This
improved. especially, most and, encouraged be to deserve ready, and nonetheless rough very are still which agreements, These
join. be to allowed should join to wish that countries those that certain absolutely am I project, but European the aspects of about reservations some I have
Commissioner. very much, you Thank
priority. health public European a as fight this recognise to States Member the and Commission the called on Parliament February, in issued declaration a In
to suffer. first the also are often rights the fear, on based action is government however, If,
world. in the region most competitive the into Europe of transformation the forecast had which Programme, Lisbon the forgetting Community it is time, same the At
The he which for flexibility labour-market the greater found in be cannot employment improving to key calls.
town. the of plans medium-term the included in even not paving is road and gravelled, been never have kindergarten to children take their to like parents would the where from settlement Roma the of The streets
contribution-based pension; a provide which funds pension 'occupational' expansion of the
Council. the by adoption early of likelihood believe, the enhance will I which, support valuable your for again once you to thank allow me Langen report, the on conclude To
non-governmental organisations. the of hands the weaponry into our humanitarian all putting and future the for immediately, planning acting aid, health and food and for initiatives proposals urgent of series implement a to and international organisations the with together situation the assess to experts international of committee independent and prestigious a up set be that there propose I this end, To
water. bathing of control quality monitoring and understanding, the of terms in improvements clear bring table will the on amendments the as the environment, health and population’s the protecting of terms in step significant a represents This proposal
trip. long a after quickly home get to want also they but overtiredness, and against overworking protected be to want drivers more, What is
subsidies. fuel fossil in reduction a to offset tax 'carbon' a introducing idea of the revives which 27, paragraph favour of much in very am author, I as and, systems other consider to have We rights. emission exchanging of system the confined to be not should market Community the on based Instruments
Please this at look take a to President Commission the ask issue.
murderers. mass and extremists by is governed it as long as country that for no place is that there emphasizing involves certainly which here, clear things must get we all of first but day, one Community our Serbs to the welcoming our of favour am in I and home, return to able being the everyone, Serbs, including of favour in naturally I am
track. this regard to can with we best as to assist ready are we and quickly, be found can track Lebanese the solution for political a that hope We
study. the did who in interested am not I
drugs. for pay money to have they the do and nor diseases deadly these fight to energy no have poverty in live who People
trust. mutual of lack not certainly are these for the grounds exemptions, of allows agreement extradition the Although
general rule. the are products defective impression that the get almost You
a.m. 11 tomorrow at place take will vote The
Despite with Mr summit meeting recent the agenda at the to topic the add to failed Commission European the questions, parliamentary our Mubarak.
important report. and timely a very for Hall Ms thank to much like very would I President, Mr - the Commission. of Member
debate. brief this in few points a up bring like to I should President, Madam (NL)
unlawful. and irregular as regard I one is being handled is matter this way The
mines. anti-tank cover not does is it that problem The
violence. unprecedented subjected to been have beliefs political their of name the in streets in the citizens demonstrating free which during clashes violent of scene been the has Guinea weeks, several For
Europe. of nations democratic other the on attack military joint carry a out would dictatorships socialist the that two conclusion foregone it a made Pact, Molotov-Ribbentrop the as known August 1939, in countries two between concluded these agreement The
dismantled. be to line this for is wants Democrats now European and Democrats) (Christian Party the People’s of European Group the What
2.9%. barely of inflation increase an with player global prominent be a to Union the for Council the the and Parliament, Commission European the of goal the with incompatible It is
their domination. pernicious submit not to will we but hurt, been have and lost are that minorities help to wish We
2020. by emissions greenhouse gas in reduction the regarding European Union the objectives of the approved Council the European 2007 in session spring its aware, at probably is Mr Mitchell As
It agreement. a reached have we that important is political
8.
flexibility. increase and growth favour would that something is That
English. learning simply mean learning to tends language foreign countries many In
Speaking exclusively not is genetically pre-programmed is orientation homosexual a that claim repeated the that believe firmly I say that to wish I view, of points both from true.
transparency. and democracy more They mean
reduced. been has its duration rather but agenda the removed from been not has know, item the you As   
Ankara. in authorities the to particular in and countries these of authorities the to concern express will its Council the Iraq, in and in Turkey both minority Assyrian the to regard with and especially people, Assyrian the to with regard especially whether, ask I to wished
appropriate? were expect" reaffirm, request, like "welcome, words only that such reality Was the
It criminal from made profits the and confiscating locating about set will activities.
seeing. currently are we as volatility price such avert and prevent in to place order into mechanisms market put to and incomes, farmers' safeguard to us allows that position a in be We to have
Allow my illustrate to Hungary example from one cite to me point.
application. in differences there are found that has Commission the States, Member fifteen the exist in controls such that premise the on based fact, In
evening. this House the with facts to some share like would I
Let these sovereign of request the with accordance in Moldova and from forces Georgia military its withdraw to and Moldova and Georgia of integrity territorial the to its commitments reaffirm to 'asks Russia EU which the in 24, condition particular read in me states'.
somewhat. again change situation will the moment, but the at insufficient is This
law environmental Community
civilisation. of diseases defeat these steps to far-reaching take should we that think I
In or life their threats to escape imminent from to way only the as documents false use may people such cases, these freedom.
opportunity. an are these difficulties that think I Personally
security policy. foreign EU's the of the cornerstones are believe which we NATO, and alliance transatlantic the mentions also But it
green tax? a why not - folly fiscal your of the in context - and tax, income Community a tax, corporation Community a about thinking are you sincerity: great with truth the told Mr Santer And
necessity. a Russia is and EU the cooperation between technological and scientific as Niebler report the favour of in voted I
EUSRs. and of ambassadors nominations the in be involved should We
specific situation. this discussing be should we fact because in direction, that in move to it want not do but I such, as death penalty the about debate a senses some in course of is debate this President, - Mr (PL) author.
potential. its fulfil to area euro not the permitted that has pact a it is and pact, growth a been never has it since insufficient, - is Pact Growth and Stability the - now available until had have we tool that only the where and union, economic an be also must which union, but monetary a to down just does boil not that currency a sharing comes that from value added the of question a is it rather, said; you as solidarity, responsibility or of question a just not is action joint intelligent This
That sewage this with done be should what to say business Union's European the not that is the island, sludge on this sewage all collecting Government by Greek the by created problem the about happens what for as so, sludge. being
on. later point this to back will come I
employment. on decisions these of effects the monitoring of task the Commission the set already Treaties the because legislation, adapting by simply the Treaties, amending without possible is and that account, into employment of take dimension the to be able really should we that believe do I
obligations. reciprocal on based is trust However, this
deprived. totally are in Afghanistan women symbol, and nature both terms of In
government. this of despotism the communist of evidence further, manifest are demonstrators peaceful of the defamation and the media the of gagging The
society. its observable in defects the rectify actively to legislation, trying, through is largest democracy, world’s the this, way the for regard high particularly a We have
When be must territories occupied the settlements in illegal of Israel’s when all for deadline a given being with his same, the do to Sharon forcing contemplated international community the has removed?
and liberties. rights human to nexus of sufficient lack for the agreement, especially the criticised sharply have who colleagues of a number with agree I
outstanding. is compensation which in cases in applied being day this to decrees are Beneš line, official to the contrary which, in ways out pointing public the of members from I letters get again, and over Over
Commission. of the remit the within solely falls initiative nature, this its By
policy The agricultural common the 17% for to close of reduction meant a have would Europe, 15-nation for the which, 2013, in billion 35 EUR to measures market and aid of direct billion 42 EUR from cut a involved proposal have would Presidency's alone.
from 2007. as force into entering programmes new under the available be will that available funds, larger constituting those, or of 2006 end the at expiring programme current the from remaining those either credits: using of practical the possibilities aspects, other among examine, This will authorities. the Belgian by up set unit the crisis in participate to been invited have Commission the services of The
Syria; situation in rights human and the Turk al Riad Mr of case on the Alliance, Free Greens/European the of the group of behalf on others, and Boumediene-Thiery Mrs by B5-0350/2002,
250. than less is total the today ships, British-flagged 1200 had we 1979 in own country my In
In during animals of protection to the paid has been attention special Parliament, the European with declaration joint a transport.
agreed? that Is
appropriate. is 43 Article that view the takes concerned, Commission the is basis legal the far as As
I paragraph. of words few last on those vote separate a have to still like would we but we accepted, amendments the one of by modified been now words have few last those agree the
deleted. been would refers have to it paragraph the because stand not would amendment oral case the in which paragraph, the delete would adopted, if 7, No Amendment
work. preparatory sound their for Surján László and Haug Jutta thank to would like budget, I 2009 the drafted who those of one As
borders. across together not closely do work councils lost because being are Europe of the rest in as well as region my in jobs However,
Accordingly, be will party my occasions, these on traditional becoming as is abstaining.
its centre. at here Union, the European of corners four the of citizens the represent we - servants not civil are we already have said, speakers of a number As
thing. bad a good and a both is that and rights, human of area the profile in a high quite has EU mentioned, the have speakers As many
immigration. illegal of organisation systematic the prevent to effort every make to need we that consensus broad There is
in of calendar 2009 the for proposed is what of favour in generally am - writing. I part-sessions.
(Applause)
drivers. of education and awareness the improve to and fuels, clean into projects research innovative promotion of the and car traditional the of use the of rationalisation the with urban transport, polluting less and effective promote to shipping, haul sea transport, short river railways, the to promote congestion, of points eliminate to Networks, Trans-European improve the to transport, modes of readjust to seeks which policy transport on White Paper need a we why is That
creditor. debtor and between relationship current the cultural in change real of a beginning the mark may amendments of group This
costs. greater at protection less given would have That
measures. fire prevention forest developing and monitoring on amendments wide-ranging more deeper and contained which report, the overall diminished has compromise the plenary, in vote the after Now,
throughout We plant industrial of weakening and the in Italy production of downgrading the to stop a to put dispute decisive a manner: positive a end in should dispute the that message clear a is there that ensure to fighting are Europe.
After meaningful in any capabilities defence their upgrade to countries European most other of part on the willingness lack of complete the given gaps capability any fill to forces over-stretched armed already Britain's of elements significant promised has he now and 1998 in policy misguided this green to light the gave who Minister Prime the British was all, it way.
funds. structural the support from with implemented discrimination, to combat measures of reporting States' Member on requirements stricter consider may and could play equality bodies that national role the explore Commission will The
date. up to be not may legislation the current that means This
text. the of version new the of Parliament inform to courtesy the had never Council has the say, to sorry am I alternative but, text an with came up They
decades. recent over Europe here western in us to prosperity much so has brought which economy social market the of principles the noble with in common anything has longer no freedom market as represented is which that because emptied have benches Conservative the that chance by not perhaps is It
Ukraine. without possible not Europe is safe and contemporary a of vision real a that clearly wish state I to
Commission. the by taken up is it unless successful be not will amendment this 43, Article pursuant to that, realize I
security. and solidarity prosperity, on focus they as concerns, citizens’ the to respond They
services. of movement free the rules on treaty the with accordance in is – ‘Major law’ the known as – ports act Belgian the to whether as question the time on some underway for been discussion has a that know You
there. develops situation the on how depend will clearly this but Zimbabwe, with cooperation increased potential for is that there stress to like would Finally I
point. this on further any compromise not could 2006, I but year the form of the compromise in a with live could I
taken. decision regarding the opposite complete the saying be to to me appeared He entirely been have correct. not may speech Speroni' s Mr of translation the think I President, Mr
updated. it be must therefore resolution, and Randzio-Plath's Mrs by replaced has been the meantime, in which, document working a to refers indent third The
go. to weeks have two still We
women. against violence combat actions to and integration, multicultural improve to actions intended Knowledge, Europe of a towards and leading training innovation of education, areas the in actions preparatory projects and pilot of the creation in as clearly seen, be can dimension European where the measures for funding increase to wants it why That is
countries. the poorer in for workers disastrous more even be will restructuring Capitalist
Excellent Francophone the especially, and, Unesco Europe, of Council the by area this in been done already has work Conference.
this explained been has scrutiny, as external to subject are activities our mean that does really Rights Human on Convention European the accession to European the Union's that countries of third representatives the to explain can we way In here.
crime. proceeds from the ofcriminals' confiscation from funded be would which beings, human in trafficking victims of for fund compensation a up to set is proposal important Another
together. closer the sides different to bring made has he which effort the for support greatest our deserves Thomas and Mr in particular, Agriculture on Committee the in and Parliament European the in to reach possible was it which compromise base of only the was strategy This
account. into taken be must elections European of the results the This time
Brenner. the of use make to continuing from deterred been have not drivers of thousands and thousands – Brenner the for those charged for example, such as, – high toll fees relatively some are there if even addition, In
parliamentary term. current within the adopted be can guidelines the that ensure to to come weeks in work to continue will and working is Tourism and Transport Policy, Regional on the why Committee is This
maritime traffic. of thorough monitoring more and societies classification checks of effective more ports, Community inspections stricter in introducing by regulations international existing supplemented has it and pollution, of hydrocarbon victims for compensation and increased worldwide tankers single-hull oil of scrapping gradual achieved the already has It
advertisements. children's they to react how and children on study a out carrying about are positive you that pleased very I am
next into century. the industries European key of failure or success the to critical are about speaking are we that The technologies
years. 40 for existence in been unfortunately has which legal reality, and legal between entitlement contradiction with the away do finally must We
It No Amendment concerns 18.
sampling. through actions of evaluation the namely discharge, concerning the importance of aspect an mention to would like I gentlemen, and ladies President, (FR) Mr
itself. Union the on enlargement of the impact lessens also it countries, but naturally, applicant the aid helps pre-accession The
months. four or three sometimes late: too much back documents The arrived
impossible. the for to ask difficult is It
projects. pilot in example encourage, for might we which also points are think these I
I of type this year to a European devoted Commission European the if it like therefore would violence.
millennium. the new enters it as Union the European for vision and coherent clear a to offer intention its Commission expressed the 2000 Agenda presenting In
instability. financial from us protecting euro is the that one, limited more a albeit Santer, by Mr claim made with the disagree I Nonetheless,
burden sharing; mandatory/compulsory to reference and clear direct a make not does report the because note disappointment we
it. support to glad was I and standards raising to way some itself goes report the though not pass, did report to this amendments my group's of number a that unfortunate is It
We the Clerk to the and parliament the of Speaker the Ghana with meeting in useful very a had House.
Let year in next conference transport pan-European next preparing the of process the in are Commission, the with we, together why also is that and basis, pan-European a on that do to try us now Helsinki.

lives. day-to-day their achieved in be will not objectives these that fear they fear insecurity; They
leaders. Belarusian future for ground breeding a also but thought, Belarusian of free island an just not becoming is EHU the blocked, been long citizen have free and conscious critical, becoming a to roads all where Belarus, in internal situation such an Faced with
This dangerous tremendously this face of the in very important view, my in is, threat.
plenary. to decision for proposal tabled a Bureau The
Improving Union of use correct the ensuring central to is States Member the in arrangements the control funds.
cases. some excessively in so, done already have others - Amsterdam of positive achievements the dwell on shall not I
follow. to is that debate the in to back them come will We
accordingly. him to go thanks My warmest
wish. you if again question the ask You can
the bordering EU. countries in reforms social and legal economic, boosting for incentives multiple can provide ENP open efficient and An
- Palestine. issue one on focusing by Rocard of Mr forgiveness must too, beg I, President, Mr - Group. Verts/ALE the of behalf on
Wednesday. on East Middle the debate on be a will There
country. or region particular a of the promoting development view to with a granted regularly is which aid the and disaster, types of all from resulting situations emergency with deal to order in mobilises Union European the which aid, humanitarian between dialectical relationship is a there that debate demonstrates this of whole The
arose. Europe a social about questions speeches, several In
event. the before bureaucratic too is and event the after examining little too which does regulation form of a by guided and relevant countries various the decentralised in sufficiently not inadequate, which is structure an organisational to due are spent, not sometimes are the appropriations commitment of 80% that fact and the lack spending of the shortcomings, Many
of It concert worldwide the in special place a them giving societies, democratic and our free characterizes which model this is nations.
unification. political of European symbols the attacks who anyone crush task daily to it its make opinion, my in should, the Commission are, they who know we all and movements, neo-nationalist from especially on sides, all attack under are the EU in solidarity and of cohesion principles fundamental the when, politically, time a at Commissioner, President, Madam (EL)
Council. the within heard it also have I
900 There additional an create will which in 1997, capacity its double to plans are jobs.
possible. seem does landing a soft But
Romania. in childcare of all aspects about have us of concerns many the deep amazed at totally were journalists young These
Europe. of part Soviet-ruled the was then what in change about bring to nothing West did the that assertion reject the We also
States. Member the inside competence geographical have and must can certainly the agency with, begin that, to believe I Parliament, but by adopted be will that the decision to and debate the to attention particular devote will We
I until done as was and - Poland - Lithuania states the neighbouring from be could broadcast and [...] journalists Belorussian of help with the compiled be could and which Russian, Belorussian in programmes television also perhaps radio, broadcast to funds find must we 2005, for budget Union's European the approving in that propose: 2001.
numerous areas. in progress made has years, and recent months in background and, cultural Western European, the to belongs undoubtedly country the of Macedonia, because Republic Yugoslav Former the of aspirations accession the support must opinion, we my In
it. from far - held up be will enlargement that means reform for need think this not do I Haarder, Mr Unlike
with what? compared efficient is aid Development
developments. positive promote to way best the is that engagement Commission believes the but Uzbekistan, with relations our issue in and difficult important an to continue be will rights Human
Why accepted be vote Fouque's Mrs cannot then, today?
(CAP). policy agricultural common new the on debate full a into entering be we will few months the next over gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, President, Mr (ES)
the of markets. opening the to need accompany which standards health plant and privileges environmental and social incorporate need to the emphasise particularly would I
country. the in capital EU of investment the will encourage that Belarus in conditions political and legal about bring to if commenced, only be therefore must Dialogue
are afraid. people Chinese the But
difficult. very up proves giving effect addictive of the Because
reality. to up facing not are we then spending, public on back simply cutting by problem the resolve can that we believe we If this caused debt. by havoc the with deal to need we first but governance, economic European strong need course, Of we
purposes. other used for being funds education the education to and attention little so paying is Europe have cannot we What
with. deal to them for not change was climate said that have would economies emerging the ago years two economies before; emerging for issue an not was This
report. the in expressed ideas the for support impressive very demonstrated today have debate the and and Energy Research Committee on Industry, the in vote The
crisis. current hit the by hard especially are particular, in people, Young
sitting. the of part chairing of privilege the had I evening, the for and, votes roll-call the of attended all I that is proof there the morning, For
teams. partners’ negotiation its to support financial providing Union is the European time first the For
political The European of and financing recognition the for framework legislative transparent and solid a establish seeks to Regulation parties.
concluded. agreements for trade all required be also will approval Parliament's
21. No Amendment his for rapporteur our to and report, Napolitano the contribution to for his Robles Mr Gil our group's to am grateful I and demand, this in one as much very are great groups Parliament's two
pleasure. great me speaking, gives personally that, response your kind for you thank Commissioner,
report. his on Mamère Mr to compliment of all me first allow gentlemen, and ladies President, Madam
citizens. of the benefit for services innovative enabling by impact cultural and maximise social its to and position competitive and economic Europe's improve and maintain to is vital it indeed And
issue. this important addressing for rapporteur the Commission and the thank like to would I
facto solidarity.’ de a create first which concrete achievements through built be ‘will Europe because was launched, Initiative Growth important but the plan’; single a to once, according or at all made ‘will be Europe not because passed, not was Constitution the happened: has what is That
job seekers. of dignity the respect which and States Member different situations in the of diversity the to adapted be can which found, must be measures Imaginative
phones. mobile e-mails on unsolicited control to million USD 8.2 earmarks DoCoMo NTT
In in improving capable of College is the whether determine to adequately authority discharge enable the to non-specific and vague are too forward it puts measures remedial the and inadequate again once are Auditors' remarks of the Court to College's replies the overall, addition, future.
employed. are women mainly which in part-time work, and precarious and seniority, training, as such age, recorded, been have which reasons, structural There are
difficulties. have many been there States, Member EU other new and Hungary Latvia, with Lithuania, whereas gas, and oil with States Member 'old' EU supplying regards difficulties as created never has Russia that noticed has Commission the whether you ask to like would I
unemployed. the workers and the of problems the respond to to Europe and Parliament this of inability the but alone, Renault not condemn this like events else or itself, of sense a recovering in succeeds Europe either utterly indecent: case is this in demonstrating Commission the are and Parliament this powerlessness The
goods. for everyday prices artificially high the pays then and aid for the tax via she pays or he twice: pays consumer The
Other UK the from this to keep is the Government London of attitude disgraceful the yet - 000 £100 of tune the Republic to Irish the £4m. some the of tune to money this up taken have states farmers.
I fact-finding a on the country into Asia South Delegation to EP our allow to willingness welcome Bangladesh's much very mission.
package. supervision financial the to regard with especially European interest, overriding assert the to ability and willingness its convincingly very demonstrated Parliament has European year, the this since, more even this welcome I
intervention. humanitarian simply it is that are saying we Now
news. good very That is
Until agricultural other in trade as basis same the on continue normally would sugar trade the produce. then,
increased exponentially. companies, have private over to given been have which transport, water and transport air rail transport, services, postal of prices the subject: this Europe on about wary little a are French why the explain perhaps examples which some you give just will I
scientifically. highly questionable and extreme proposal was essential, the is fleet the of reduction a that - done always I have as admitting - Even
amounts; the relevant specifying report the without funding, EU obtain extensive are to organisations consumer that fact the –
important. also hours is working and law labour of the question But
clear. evaluations become have primary of number a close, a draws to debate this As
shortcomings. their to attention draw would establishment, I their support fully I while concerned, are (NFPs) programmes forest national far as As
needs. relevant of the any meet not does directive The new
This Cypriot the of settlement any in account into taken should be that practice and law Community established of aspects the on information the requisite of provision the to and regard with terms political in both applies problem.
essential. that is view, my In
We be to have attentive.
proposal. amended our latter for the draw on to prefer would We
Treaty. this to up signed will have States eight Member least at Soon
assistance. technical well as as humanitarian provide to readiness compassion and solidarity, of one was Council the from come to message the underline first that to like would I
II. SIS of operation into entry for 2009, calendar the discuss June in its meeting by latest the at will, Council the Presidency Commission, and the from requested report the of basis the On
We political participate in longer no can and voice a have no longer who now dead, others, are there but commended, be to are and today present are who dictatorship, Franco the against fought who from those heard dialogue. have
voice. one with speak Cyprus must
issue. this raising to keep Assembly Parliamentary Joint the in on us can rely You
We seek to right the and refoulement on ban the country, or her his leave to person a of right the especially FRONTEX, work of in the reflected clearly be to dimension rights human the for call the support asylum.
is of cases in immediately given be can assistance that so clause emergency an have will funds these that encouraging It emergency.
(Applause)
remained unchanged. has nevertheless market internal the develop to intention and objective common The
Will industry save actually will said rightly has Commissioner the which centralised service information the or cosmetics of made being assessments proper oppose they money?
initiatives? contradictory apparently two take today to chosen ThyssenKrupp background: has why union from my drawn also comment second A
. Community the of application adoption and the in countries accession 10 the by made progress the assess upon to be called also Council will the European Commission report, the of basis on the Again
service. public of the notion of loss been the sometimes has Commission previous the of part the on failure of the causes of one understood that well is it that water, and bath the with thrown out not baby is the way, in that acting by that, urge however, would, I
substance. a regarding knowledge emerges new any if once at and consumers importers manufacturers, all alert to Agency Chemicals European the This enable will pre-registration. of implementation rapid to ensure crucial is it this, achieve To
coin. the of side other the shows debate also This morning's
forces. market termed are what of operation the unhindered opposition to its express to wish however, does, Our group
public. our from consensus wide such is there which upon subject a on standpoint this taking could that justify all at anything not achieving are we so doing not resolution, in this for sign should not we why defeatism, and hypocrisy than reason, other absolutely no is There
EU. the thing about democratic the most is presidencies the of rotation The

intolerable. completely becoming are beings human of movement free the way of the in placed obstacles the milliseconds, few a in cross the can continent sterling pounds marks or German million ten that Now
world. the partners around WTO our with stage early sufficiently a at out this sort to enough clout has Commission The
Europe’s future? over hangs that danger this is Where
In Article in basis the legal need simply I quickly, money this out pay able to be to 186. order
sector. transport the on Mr Jarzembowski and Khadraoui Mr El by reports the on debate with continue the shall We
solution’. military ‘no purely says that it me worries It
eurozone. the of rest the of from those diverge to needs policy monetary its that time next until the on limp it to allow may bailout The
perspective. financial the of minor revision a as to referred was needed what we available, billion 2.6 the EUR make to In order
points. these to response done in being certain things of prospect us the to out held has Commission The
prices. setting when manoeuvre no for room have almost to continue will sector is the tabled, markets of organisation common new its for proposal the Until
crime. organised corruption and fight against the reform and judicial areas of the in remained weaknesses 2007, January on 1 EU the to Bulgaria of accession the On
this. need think we not really do I President, Mr
vote. is the item next The
interests. our European to damaging very is that legislation - legislation Helms-Burton the on focused obviously discussions our of a and Congress, lot the of members with meetings we had where Washington, from returned just have we you that tell can I Delegation, Parliament's US this of a member as and, EU-US agenda, the on remarks heard your have we President-in-Office, Mr
of gender. regardless place, same the at the work same for wage same the we need Barroso, and, Mr guidelines legal clear need we financial crisis, of time this At
budgets. for state of their income source important vitally a often are duties customs since countries, such for have revenue can customs of breaking off sudden the that consequences economic negative the warning of strong sound a me let Moreover,
2004. from 2061 No (EC) Regulation We have
ineffective. directive this makes flexibility of excess that this and distribution this to regard with progress any making not are States Member the that see we if percentage introduce fixed a necessary, to if us, which enables process revision is there a means that which Sterckx, Mr by No Amendment 16 incorporating type, this a of solution suggest would I
The implementing the words other in implementing the bloc, is element last and third regulations.
Mr Moscovici. rapporteur, the thank to I wish conclusion, In
Constitution. a European of existence future the is, that propose, to dared not have would they ago months eight or seven which something proposed Germany, Mr of Chancellor Schröder, and France, of Minister Prime Jospin, Mr that fact the terms, positive in time although this also, and Government, Irish of the idleness of the face the in Nice, of Treaty on referendum the the no in voted has Ireland that the fact to has led things, other amongst failure, this that believe also I and failure a total Nice as sees society that believe European I
requirements. clearly-defined reflecting demands realistic on based to be us to seems therefore third The option
areas. such number of quite a are there that mention should I
for them. lies ahead disappointment of deal great a fear I
China. and Russia like countries powerful towards indulgent be more not should we that speakers with agree previous I
Agreement. Stockholm of the framework the within waters European northern in already implemented being standards are These new Convention. SOLAS the under standards current international on improvement significant a to amount standards new The
minute. last very the to discussion up was under It
change. to like would 10% I have also I change. to want they 10% the with forum to this coming is Everyone
Union. the within border protection internal introduce to wants No one
market. internal the concerns point My second
support. my has full idea discuss the to party working a establishing and area European judicial a of creation The
urgency. of matter a as change of signs first emphatic the to effort show every make should government the but this, in play role to own its has judiciary the say, to Needless
of state Israel. the to belong not settlements do the law, international under all, After
There for goals other have chosen that states those are there and Union, European the in see themselves to wish who states those are themselves.
rates). co-financing Community the by increasing (including overcome be these should then State, each Member of operational programmes the implementing in are difficulties there If
would consider. mind right their in one no something is period, which a transitional establishment, without and freedom movement of Europe Eastern and Central in countries the candidate of citizens the grant to were we if than impact more serious far a have would this met, to be were nationals third-country for movement freedom of of respect report in the Boumediene-Thiery in made demands the If
safeguarded. be to is dignity and human be prevented to are violations serious if is vital This
leather. or fur natural contain which products textile the buying of risk customers avoid help will which proposed are labelling textile on rules New
I development of donor largest world's the is EU the accept that aid.
way. the lost on was getting Europe social that or Europe, social a about but not competition, about indeed all was it that recent years over the impression gained have public the members of many highlighted, because be to needs This
that. about strongly very We feel
trouble. cause might they knew they though even travelling, on from people stopping sanctions extra any impose not to chose which government, British the by inaction the have we Then
seriously. very ideas your take going to are we you that tell want to I
infrastructures. power Europe's up connecting and infrastructure broadband the developing billion in 5 EUR years two next during to the invest order in framework the financial amend to made proposal the particularly appreciate I also
these matters. follow-up on is there that ensure to have we However,
cooperation. development broader-based normal, systematic, be Afghanistan would in disaster the drought to the answer that is problem The
issue. on this are MEPs divided deeply how shows abstentions) against; 67 favour; 220 in (401 vote final the of The result
changes. make House must This
fields. different of range wide a covered instead has but reform, economic of sphere specific the limited to been not has therefore Council the Barcelona European to Parliament of the contribution substantial The
policy. a such accept people will that doubt I
So on active very been have we that.
of progress Europe. the to contribution energetic very committed and very serious, very their for team all his and Vanhanen, Mr Minister, Prime Finnish the again once thank to should like and I Presidency incoming German the with closely to working forward look I
products. or other cars tomorrow today, such textiles as products, certain of exports Chinese aggressive mitigate same to time, the at and, services and products agricultural and industrial of exports European to Chinese market the further open to is solution best and first The
Organisation. Health the World to entrusted been Kosovo has care in health restoring of the task international donors, the between labour of division for the need because of that, aware is Karamanou Mrs that think I
The in Organisation Trade World the meeting of the on statements Commission and Council the on debate the of continuation the item is next Qatar.
violated. constantly are rights human where Africa, as such continent a on more one case just is it clearly However,
this. of aware be course, must, of Commission the public, the and alarming are threats, which serious to rise giving is agreement this However,
policy. energy and immigration innovation, competitiveness, as issues, such recurring some opportunity raise to another provide will October on 20 Lahti in held to be Meeting Informal The
.
citizens. Turkish be must patriarchs bishops and Orthodox priests, that says that law incomprehensible totally is a It
urgency. of matter a as need attention discrimination, racial to regard with today discussing are we which directive the to it compare if especially we which, other areas in many lacking still is and work of sphere the to pertains only women and men of treatment equal the governing legislation European Existing risk. no such was there In fact,
pollution. marine on light harsh a cast the disaster Prestige President, Mr
resolution. our of 12 and 8 in paragraphs expressed perfectly is something which dialogue, real interinstitutional on based be reform should extremely inadequate, was which method, former the to contrast in that, and heard, be better voice should Parliament's that highly desirable is reform, it institutional forthcoming the regard to With
services. public for framework legal a create that it Commission is the of ask should we thing only the approve – fact, wholeheartedly in you, which – subsidiarity of of principle the with accordance full in that, believe also I

and 2013. 2012 EU in the of countries the richer by imposed currently framework the restrictive of repeat a not is there that negotiation: this in is vital what guarantee not position Members' does form, the recast newly its In
buy. they what knowing not up end and illegible labels of trap the into fall simply or Europe in sold is GM food aware that just not are consumers Many
increasing. are prizes contrary, the the On
this report? for down name our not put did we if even vote of explanations make to us allowing powers in new your of interpretation very wise your for thank I you President, may Mr
The completely is moved is being it when number a 14-digit with recorded could be sheep every that idea ridiculous.
road It prevents that Parliament European the only not is it that note to also important is victims.
38%. of goal a with and Portugal Finland 49%, and for aiming which is Sweden, include leaders The
3.3. point under guidelines the in reflected should be this employment into and people for helping provision be to needs There
reason. any other for nationality or of basis the on discrimination - without appeal judicial and appeal administrative - assured be will appeal of possibility The
neglected. is its development and appreciated properly not is goods, of transport the in particularly transport, role rail of the that out points correctly Mr Albertini things, Among other
Our 2007’ ‘Media the of centre the at European catalogues and digitisation put to it important considers Education and Culture Committee on programme.
suggestions. and comments for their everyone thank to like would I of all first gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, President, Madam (DE) - rapporteur.
We proposed. have which amendments four the accept therefore been
paedophiles? of victims tomorrow's of being at risk are children their if wondering not are now working not those are who think you Do
Northern Ireland. even in not scheme, herd certified functioning no still is says there committee steering The
In structural have to starting even is under spending Funds, Structural the implications.
I in bodies sporting between and countries between both cooperation centre of the more at sport places but prejudge not does time, same which, the at direction in this step or precondition excellent an is Paper White and Article, the this of application the in preparing part take ready to is the Commission that say to delighted am Europe.
closed. is debate The
to Thirdly rates VAT the expect areas border retailers in can when President, Mr finally, and converge?
report. the contradictions in abovementioned of the because abstained I
us. before here issue of the the nub to come to want I
petitions. 500 6 signed over have States Member Union European all 15 from people million 10 mandate this of years five past the During
simple. not that is life However,
main purpose. resolution' s the to connected directly not is which power nuclear reference to a is there Firstly,
interests. our to protect and also House, the to guidance give to a lawyer as you to I look President, Mr
her. to access gain must Cross Red the and her well-being authorities for responsible the Burmese make must community international The
reasonable. seems that batteries, collect do that countries the about know we of what context the In
Rights. Human of Court the of from judgment the quote to you ask would President, I Mr
process. this to great deal a contributed has Ahtisaari President already reconstruction and Balkan for endeavours increasingly urgent our lead country to ideal is the It
numerous. be not too should they clearly quite then priorities, specify programming do really they if therefore and policy, fund structural of dimension European the objectives and reflect the to intended are guidelines these case that the is it If
exist. not do simply internet, uncensored an as such Europe, in granted here for take liberties we and the silence, into intimidated are imprisoned, journalists minorities are and religious dissidents Pro-democracy
roads. on safety the greater ensure to working hard years few last the spent have we why reason the is and that situation an intolerable is This
budget provided. the with line develop in to strive will which it information, interinstitutional of a source leading as this seen has always Commission the concerned, is Satellite by Europe as far As
It European the within rest of days as maintained be are to Sundays that fact the for legislation in social made be that allowance importance major of therefore is Union.
The and imitation to end an which put would rights property intellectual protection for regime a of countries by acceptance third the for to press WTO, the within particular in undertaken, has Union European the when time a at well as areas other in rights property intellectual of protection the precedent for dangerous a constitute would property and protection intellectual principles of internationally recognised to is contrary protection of abolition design 'the that it says other the on aftermarket, while internal the of of liberalisation slogan sacred of the name the in whole a as proposal the supports hand the one on which Protection, Consumer and Market Internal the on Committee the by expressed opinion and incomprehensible curious the by be illustrated can directive the proposed of nature excessive counterfeiting'.
lengthy. rather be will subjects list of s tomorrow' that informed me services have competent The
vote. the concludes That
People the in followers Mennonite the and people Hmong Catholic the as well as badly suffering Highlands are the Central country. in
ice. thin on performance freestyle a was leadership, that showed ice; pack the that of out project the got constitutional having on you, for respect my express to want and you, congratulate I
controversial. deeply is this technique know, all as we President, Madam
technologies. new the of use the adopting initiative and enterprise, encouraging free achieved by are growth vitality and that But
indefinitely. back sit cannot we that the however, fact, of conscious are We
stress. reducing to view a with particularly - businesses within work organising of ways new on reflection a promote to goal, a as learning set lifelong to against discrimination, fight to us enabling policy of a broad the provides outlines also which but ages retirement legal scrapping possibility of think the about to States Member on calls which Parliament European the by report initiative for this I voted
cleansing. ethnic and repression brutal of one reality hard is the but Moscow, in sound beautiful may Albanians to the start talking to Belgrade in regime the of so-called willingness The
secretariat. a by and assisted convention the of component each member of one least at of up made bureau by president, a assisted a appoint road, likely the most seems least, that at or, doubt, no will, Council Laeken European The
skills. listening their quality of the and reports their of the precision on Mr Berend, and Mr Galeote particular, in and, rapporteurs the of all congratulate to like should I and gentlemen, Commissioner, ladies Mr President,   
groups. other or political than rather the themselves citizens of expression an remain must initiative the and initiative, this of funding and organisation the transparency in the ensure to necessary it also is hand, other the On
things. two me taught has countries other of presidencies the successive of observing and presidencies our various of The experience
the rapporteur. to comment a address all first of would I
begin. soon may I fear, which, Venezuela conflict with in Columbia a support to and Columbia with be to Columbia, by stand to obliged be will Parliament European the European and Union intensify, provocation the the and attacks those if and obligation, our This is
attention. all our deserves that situation a on timely debate very this for you thank President, Mr - Commission. the of Member
however. discussion, under remain tricky points few A way. long a have come We
'true' employers. the enterprises as medium-sized and small on focused be needs to attention more that clear it to make need case, we any In
They globalised our in crises prevent to necessary also but to crises an answer only not are world.
measures. security increased new for pay to compelled currently are they when compete, alone let survive, to airlines expect to Europe's unfair is grossly aid, it state breaks and tax handouts, financial massive airlines enjoy American where climate present the in Indeed,
EU. the into entry criterion for a as candidate countries the to presented be cannot free to abortion right the that clear it absolutely make therefore would We
Nations. United the of future for the work to opportunity an and process peace East Middle the in hope of signs are there when a time particularly at context, multilateral a responsibilities within take up our again once to sides both of will the demonstrate to important very is it month, this end of the Summit at transatlantic to the regard with Finally,
out. carried been have good endeavours of lot A
President, European the within motor vehicle a in freely move to holder the entitles licence driving a Mr Union.
Not agricultural the common with involved tape red the simplify to measures take must too, States, Member but Commission, the only policy.
In and uniform dispositions correct and timely facilitate to order in period transposition this during States Member the with closely work Commission the will better principles, regulation the with accordance applications.
majority. that large need now We
discussion. to limited contributions be to not must action further but job, good a done has rapporteur the Commission, the by produced text unsatisfactory the of view In
xenophobia. and on based exclusion populist policy favour a who to those credibility lend and strengthen to serves only and dangerous, is purposes immigration political for Using end. an to scapegoats of strategy this bring to urgency matter of a is It
speed. and effectiveness necessary clarity, the created with are its implementation conditions for the that guaranteeing for responsible are We
report. that on rapporteur Lambert, the Jean to congratulate like would I
us. with and open transparent you are if us from support find will you us, and Tell
common language. a have not we do Union European the In
this fund. from used can be that sum annual maximum the of 10.5% represents just which 000, 349 52 EUR to total, in amounting, EGF the from contributions financial 10 approved year last authority budget the However,
world. the over SARS all of development disturbing the is printed, was the budget since guidelines and Parliament's since mentioned yet not have we thing One forth. so and on and so safety to nuclear attention Kaliningrad, of position the border controls, of Strengthening
some extent. to of sight been lost have advantages the however, process, the In
themselves? animals on traps ‘humane’ so-called to create tests out we carrying accept can How
borders. dispute over bilateral a resolving tied to be not must nation a of fate the and EU enlargement
contributions. earmarked of the number increase in an through say to that is clearer, made were arrangements security social of whereby costs the good and common for the responsibility individual's the reflecting at better were payments future whereby reforms obtain to were we Denmark in if it mind way, in a not, should I
ready'. are not 'we grounds that the on postponing or waiting of speaking are and parties politicians leading States, Member and several waning, is countries candidate for the Support
principle. of reasons major for so, do not will I all, above and, I cannot No
implemented. be will actually it when time the reached and was the agreement when time the years between several timescales of de facto us upon impose Parliament, European the Council and the by established basically were which, moreover, procedures own when our coup a quite is That
home? at Government Hungarian the But is
society? civil is What
us? gives Perspective Financial the that is system this rigid How
Italy. in plantation tree olive an creating for receives subsidies Queen Dutch the even that fact the is summer, this quoted only was which this, example of An
Indeed, as quickly as ground the off programme important this get to able be will we together that confidence and our policy Parliament's contributions board substantial on take willingness to our shows amendments 113 the of 85 part or whole in in accept can Commission the fact that the possible.
elected. be to order ballots in three first the in votes cast the of majority absolute obtain an must candidate a 13(1), Rule with accordance in out that, would point also I
relatives. or friends contact to able be to call, telephone make a able be to to drink, a have to able be to right the for example, as, such rights basic most the even about talking am I
adopted. been have amendments my him that to grateful am rapporteur, I and the Moura, Mr Graça by report the with am pleased I (NL) -
Parliament. this happen in not must this delegations and the regard to with situation unclear completely a with recess summer the entering are this we means because Bureau the by possible soon as as with dealt and clarified be that this would ask I
Union? European the in those or courts Canadian it Is the
Nonetheless, safety and efforts the whatever repeated, be will precedent historic this that is guarantee no there valves.
it. to intend weaken we do way no in sector; air the European consolidate to is intention Our
So Article implementing table and the on proposal this getting in quick so been has Commission the that fact the applaud I for I, 13. do
Thank comprehensive your for you answer.
turmoil. the financial of effect from the most the suffer doubt, without any will, who citizens, those our of disadvantaged most the on focused particularly be concern should Our
sector. fisheries in with the properly dealt be can intervention that structural means which fund, one only is there regulations, two still there are Although
European and imperialists. American of the plans warmongering the against protest in voices their raised elsewhere and Istanbul Stockholm, Barcelona, Prague, Amsterdam, Paris, Berlin, Rome, Athens, in of demonstrators thousands tens of Atlantic, of the side On our
future. the in acts implementing or delegated use should we whether any way not in prejudge does regulation this and are acts, implementing today discussing are we What
particular healthcare. in including inhabitants, its of life of the quality affect that areas spending in cut will EU budget the years future in that intolerable reason this for is It
basis. legal clear a have not we because do precisely Treaty, the in laid down freedoms four to the genuine obstacles market, the internal of perfection to the obstacles genuine still are there today, because, is This
It in will remain administration and in Brussels place take will work committee Strasbourg, held in mainly be will Parliament European the of sessions the that again, once been confirmed, now has Luxembourg.
economies. emerging the with exchange programme research up a setting to relates report the Pompidou in point important One
agenda. social your reconsider you to help will tomorrow, much too down watered not is it if especially Parliament, by this report hope that I
offence. serious very a today even and offence a capital treason, historically for potentially indictable were their allies or forces armed own against their fought went and abroad war of times in who – particular in UK the and – country any of citizens historically, Furthermore,
circumstances. current the in embargo arms the lifting of favour in not it is stated has that House again, this once that, remember must we of China, case specific the to regard that, with say to like just would I
reservations. have two I However,
Human Rights. on Declaration the International adopted it 1948, In
chimeras. and hybrids animal-human to create used been has experimental that technology is however, happened, has What
happening. what is know not they do because confidence lack often Consumers
problems. such overcome to free more ever are who citizens of the capacity in and openness believe I in because rather but fundamentalism, Islamic curbing thing for good a is - not or it like we whether - religion of matters in moderate is which any government for support that von Habsburg, Mr like I believe, because Not
Verhofstadt. Mr by used phrase a with begin to me Allow
response. his for the Commissioner thank I
This territorial and agenda jobs and growth the of objectives twin the between balance a provide which seek to 2007-2013, guidelines for strategic Community draft in the contained priorities the in reflected is cohesion.
opponent. radical most is its States United the but Court, Criminal the supporter staunch of a fortunately is European Union The
In follow will Parliament of majority large a hope I in which one and the report my in I propose direction is the this case, any me.
completely transparent. is which way a taken in be therefore must they and States, Member and concerned people the of lives on impact the a strong have decisions These
under review. come systems health when many great countries, a in selfmedication increased for calls are There
five last years. the over Solana Javier with working pleasure a great been has It
planned. originally government the Bulgarian than earlier taken be will blocks decommissioning these on decision the that agreement rather, an is, there by 2006; decommissioned be will 4 and 3 Blocks government that Bulgarian the by promise binding no yet as there that is terms clearest the in Trakatellis, Mr you, tell again have to I misunderstandings, avoid to order In
and equality. freedom greater achieving of means a as dialogue of promotion the and compromise; and agreement of confrontation with replacement the rules: golden two of basis the on Community European the founded revolutionaries who true inspired those that values the restoring of prove capable we if possible be only will years few next the over accomplished must be that task enormous achieving the gentlemen, and Ladies
statistical data. and administrative existing using are we enterprises because for burden new a create not will this tape, of red the issue Concerning
You national by faced challenges the seekers of and of asylum needs the of understanding deep a and Madam, resilience, great shown have administrations.
solidarity. and development of in terms has it powers the to and to full Europe effect give to resources needed practical the with fellow our citizens provide to agreement interinstitutional this use to going are we meetings, those of nature exemplary the above and because, full over the to played part their have institutions The
Poland. country, my farmers in including Union, European in the farmers to explain to hard very is sense reforms whose one those of is sugar market the of reform the President, Mr (PL)
the peoples. burden for heavy a to up adds This
doing. its opponents hear we as much noise as making Europe integrated an of the advocates hear to would like I
Mrs Seillier. much, very you Thank
government. any of concern the prime be must that and citizens its for security providing in fail to would be otherwise do To
by rapporteur. the tabled amendments the endorse I such, as and, EU the for priority area a been long has that a subject is this that aware I am
its region. in cooperation scientific for catalyst a as act will Jordan that hoped is it Moreover,
opinions. their expressed had peacefully who protesters release to Chinese urgently authorities the on called he time the same At
exceeded. been long have its creation of time the at fund from the benefit would who people number of the as to estimates Initial
revision? be any never be will that there think Commission the Does
workers. rights of legitimate respect the not does that it consider I as position common Council the rejecting favour of in voted I (PT) - in writing.
The are indicators ecological global major 'All pronounced that organisation, environmental an course, of is not, OECD, which the day, other negative'.
charities. private or professionals, relatives healthcare as such Alzheimer's, from suffering around those people the and social services, and medical States' the Member between coordination improved proposes support, I content whose today, voted we on which report The
Mr I that proposals specific two explain the to opportunity the me gives this President, (HU) have.
international cooperation. better and use government in security of introduction the and for work, certification and standardisation streamline to technology, of development the support to needed is action further that mention like to also would I
weeks. and days next of couple the meetings of council all during is necessary whatever do to us on count therefore can You
footwear. of case the as in exporting, and manufacturing harms that level a at euro the maintains which and international trade of liberalisation and competition promote queue to the of the head is at which EU, the it jobs; is of loss and businesses the of closure the for responsible are third that countries not is It -
issue. an always been has Clarity
time. present the Europe at across right but Chamber this in only not hearing are which system we current the in confidence of and lack opinion of differences the of some prevent help would mechanism new evaluation a Perhaps such
prosperity. of creation the and performance on economic based considerations environmental accounts cover National
Another was Treaty Amsterdam the since Europe achieved by progress the is positive factor signed.
Area. Research European a structuring to greatly elements contributing Programme: the Framework new find in will you what is That
undesirable. highly is which race, regional arms trigger a might because it stability regional to threat is a action Korea's North
direction. right the in off started has agreements, the Maastricht in up set institution new parliamentary this that President, Madam shows, Everything
as possible. soon as recede will destructive flood this that hope we that and victims, the sympathise with and with them solidarity in are we that Strasbourg in Parliament European the in Chamber from this them reassure should We
concern. for cause is a That
resolution. motion a for the relevant with along July in tabled oral question an and adopted was resolution a for motion A
When dairy Finnish to on 2000 talks Agenda in maize quotas problem of the pass we enlargement, to fund dive spiralling a EU or the in agriculture with played being games zero-sum of matter a it is farmers.
issues. economic and trade purely to countries third with cooperation our restrict cannot we - debate the of summary as a serve could this and - any In event
vote: the Before -
CIA. the of activities secret the regarding rumours mentioning the avoid should report this that week last a consensus reached we Finally,
The 10.00 at Thursday on place will take vote a.m.
arises. occasion the if again back be they will future day the in some that doubt no have And I
problem. health mental a with or someone difficulty, learning a with someone impairment, hearing a with someone visual impairment, a with someone users, are wheelchair they whether people, disabled needs of specific the of account legislation takes all people; that disabled mainstream that we sure make must We
   a of composition the in genetically-modified organisms the of existence indicate and label to obliged are chain the elements in the all and industries the all knows, Member honourable the as President, Madam product.
Our proposed the with satisfied are we - one than occasion on more stated this have I the Commission of a member and as - procedure the happy with not are we although that, feel I where Portugal, and Germany in applied system warning early the to referring course, am, of I debate. public of amount a certain sparked have that instruments certain of the use even included actions have objective.
the Community. producing outside partly themselves are producers Community Some
Mrs European single a having of direction the in developments the to steer decision opposing the to time her much of devoted Villiers supervisor.
question. called be into cannot construction European role in central whose Commission, European the particular, in and, institutions its of strengthening and the Union European of the future future, the the to looks debate which a is This
Vitorino. Commissioner much, very Thank you
on Laurent President former of the hands concentrated in was that weaponry heavy the neutralise to proceeded Licorne troops French and d'Ivoire Côte operations in Nations United Monday, the last President, Mr Policy. - Security and Foreign Affairs for Union the Representative of Commission/High of the Vice-President the of behalf Gbagbo.
power. without women – are we – that are they that reason simple the furthermore, for so, do to prepared not are We
1991. in report my in that on level, commented we and European the at approach general a of the parameters with together 1990, of Book Green Commission excellent the in undertaken was in Europe environment urban the of an analysis President, Mr
forward. step small, a if firm, even a take grip and bureaucratic a wellbeing, from our ensures which sector, the of potential the liberate to time is it vote; 70% a by directive the approve to all Members urge I
I people's threatens idea, which this to consideration further gives proposed text the that see I however, when concerned, am freedoms.
improvement. of nonetheless signs are there Taliban, of the fall the Following
it does. as Corbett reports two the of shadow the in closely so sitting Inglewood report the even noticed not have House this of Members majority vast of the that imagine I President, Mr
regard. this in trend upward spiralling a and of consumption levels high persistently seen it has and drugs, new synthetic to and heroin, cocaine and as such drugs to relation in especially deteriorated, has the situation that shown was EMCDDA, it the by report 2009 the in to given data According
Affairs. Social and Employment on Committee by the presented report final the in ideas original most our of the absence by am saddened policy, I employment for guidelines on the Equality and Gender Rights Women’s on the of Committee opinion the of draftsman President, as Mr   
destructive model. and reductive single, a - and nations its peoples of culture in the rich - Europe real the on impose seeks to revisionism, which economic social and cultural, historic, of kind a in nations and peoples crush designed to machine a - is its policies and methods working rationale, its its with - Treaty the Maastricht of Europe The
parliament. a than rather community religious a in of being impression the I Sometimes have
condition. their health and the prisoners for concerns our we expressed and 2003, in detained were who those including prisoners, political all unconditionally release to Government Cuban urged the particularly Council The
question. into called now be must premise That
development. this in play citizens the role fundamental the and going, Union is European the which in direction the areas, major the in objectives the consider to important most is it content, As for
Godot. for waiting like is that respects some that in would suggest I
change. climate combat to things, other them, among help to order in countries, developing to be provided to going assistance are development official than other financial public resources time, same At the
accept responsibility. to reluctance and a repression by marked still heavily is strategy Council's the since important, particularly This is
Parliament. European and the Auditors of Court the from comments critical despite year, repeated on year inaccuracy are of types some that is concern particular for One cause
gas. the for prices global pay we and time on bills pay our we Ukraine, through pipeline this for pay we customers, Russia's good one of are We
work. we how this is that known well because is it matter not does remark, that this heard have people many not Although
them. debate and them about can talk we and application their for down laid been has timetable a scoreboard, in the structured clearly are they good, proposals are Vitorino's Mr is good; legislative programme Commission's The
such crimes. of investigation the in important be and crimes terrorist prevent both can behind leave transactions may that such clues tracking and terrorism of financing the Preventing
force. in still is death penalty the which in countries with cooperation regarding position s unchanging Union' European to the attention to draw like I would concerned, are this agreement in stated be could extradition on that points the as far As
activities. our of understanding full a able acquire to be must Citizens
We diamond the of slavery bloody the to end an and put activists rights human of maltreatment the stop it order to make in regime Harare the sanctions against tough adopting of option the to diplomacy consider European to appeal we and Maguwu Farai release of the immediate for call fields.
committee. competition the from independence maintaining their in important role play an authorities, regulatory energy the especially Commission, the decided by and selected as authorities, regulatory the that believe I
it. implement to time of amount same the Member States all give should we but cages, conventional on ban introduces which a directive, of the the requirements with comply to for adaptation need the no disputing be can There
morning. this Chamber the in endorsed will be hope we compromise which position, united, a reach to us enabled Theato Mrs discussions with Further
The EU the of machinery decision-making the reform to would be start to place first a but Organisation Trade World the reforming committed to it is EU says itself.
it. reforming for has Parliament the objectives adhere to ensure we that must we time same the at but delay, without established be Commission must the for appointing timetable The
policy. cohesion in just policies, not Community all in issues urban-related to paid be will due regard that hope earnestly I Consequently,
The are circumstances the where report, the in cited nationals their to relation measures in appropriate take to and investigations conduct to Rwanda, and Zimbabwe particular concerned, in all states for call Council's Security UN the Commission shares justified.
themselves. detach to wish may Serbs by settled provinces from Herzegovina, which Bosnia and say, in, cause destabilisation therefore may independence of proclamation The
group. expert the report, with the in articulated are which ideas, discuss your to you I urge
the countries. emerging and States United the India, of China, size the players are other the Europe, because as Europeans, as but country, against country competing longer no We are
Structural Funds. of management current the on report up this in drawing initiative your taken, for have you that the time for you to thanks sincere my express to like would I Pohjamo, Mr why, is That
The at lives citizens' Kingdom putting United avoid to paid sources from products plasma take to than alternative no with left been has United Government Kingdom risk.
We independent and self-starting encourage conditions which create must initiative.
tax cuts. make to and spending public its to reduce undertaken had France
Given be not actions should proposed the of introduction the for two-year period a circumstances, the necessary.
effectively. and impartially duties his out carrying to be seen is Chechnya in ombudsman local the that important also It is
adopted. have we strategies the implementing effectiveness of the of and created, have already we what of evaluation critical make must a we Secondly,
The the of ages and names the of the of details possession in am I were murdered. communities these of seven members yesterday, before day victims.
Mediterranean. in the policy neighbourhood the to commitments debated their the participants summit, G8 the at Barroso, Mr
level. 1999 the to close figures have and of proposal Ministers' Council the rather than better doing are but we it wished, as well as process budget the of out come not has Culture
forward. taking this for support on count your can we that hope therefore objectives, and these share you that know I
States. the with United agreement the in delay the mainly us; to concern are of that aspects certain stress like to however, would, I
seriously. taken very should be that sign a is that streets: the into out workers of thousands bringing in succeeded have movements union trade time, the first For
conclusions. of number reached a which discussion detailed an earnest, had We
insignificant. extremely States, United as the particularly countries, some by treated be continues to Court Criminal the International establishing Rome Treaty the that fact the could be zone free Another
strike? to waiting ambush in lying there, always is error human that finally understood have we accident, this from lesson our learnt we have here: speakers previous agree with I and is, The question
malpractice. of risk the markets financial against European and investors protect to agencies of activities regulate the to aims 1060/2009 which No (EC) Regulation Union adopted the 2009, In
more. even do to needs it but respect, this great deal in a achieved already has Union European The
complaint? the on statement any make to months 18 when took it case the of review swift a ensure Commission can the how so, is that If
involved. parties various the from contribution of levels different obviously, with, what developed being is is That
I table the on Council European the of the decisions with that say here.
court. criminal international this set up to need the possible, were that demonstrate, if to further served certainly have for Rwanda and Yugoslavia former the for tribunals hoc ad The
Presidency. Swedish the of subject the on speak will Svensson, my colleague, Mrs President, Mr
specialist. a cartoon developing and training for Canada and America and Latin between EU the connection cartoon a example, For
matters. resolve help me to to available measures the all have taken I
risky. highly is negotiations for reopened be should two chapters that demand Basescu’s Mr that think therefore I
necessary. absolutely is - statement Ashton's Commissioner through especially - European Parliament the by monitoring close that believe I therefore
Member. the help reply will this that hope I
Japan. and States United the with Asia on dialogue strategic a of the launch welcomed also Council The
EU's security. energy increasing the at aimed actions priority joint the among feature must energy renewable of use the increasing energy and efficiency stations, boosting power safer nuclear in investments ports, European in terminals gas liquefied construction of the Nabucco project, the of implementation The
So and 18 6, 2, 1, amendments supporting will be we 19.
Madam of tradition no has Egypt President, democracy.
Unfortunately, very not is information the specific.
integration. towards steps next the by followed union be must monetary that irreversible and is union monetary in involved integration that the project, political a is union monetary that said They
July. during the Council in commenced proposal on discussion this and priority, high a proposals these it give will that indicated has Presidency Kingdom United The
year. this of June in general elections the and 1996 in constitution the of revision the 1995, of elections presidential the following October, 23 be to is expected which - elections local are these know you as elections - the date for next the to respect and democratization of path the follow Algeria to encouraging is the Council that fact the to highlight like would I gentlemen, and ladies President, elections, Madam local the to regard With
I the to work that to influence and twenty-first the century, for strategy market internal on autumn for next communication a up drawing on Commission the by done being currently work the in fully participate to able be shall we in plenary by Parliament confirmed is it if because wide support, that very welcome must full.
different. radically are They resolution. the content of the and statement explanatory the between tone in contradiction the by struck I was
Union. European the with multilateral engagement commitment to Obama's President support We
penalties. harsher or periods payment shorter from adopting States Member not prevent does document this legislative Consequently,
substantially. employment boost to bases use these to able be we will that is view report, my and Lisbon the in included be also this should technologies, and new economy cultural the to reference to the regard With
assistance. judicial of system the with conjunction in years ten last the over effectively functioned has it since necessity, is Network a Judicial European the that it clear make to need of the report Kaufmann because the for voted I
product. national gross country's that provided to relative has country that amount any highest secondly the and history, in Denmark's amount highest second the firstly is 2002 in aid Danish development that confirm to Minister Prime the ask to would like I Secondly,
water reactors. light two to build helping than rather time, present at there the problems different quite solve to trying not be should we whether wondering help cannot I
security. of culture a create to order in technologies and communication information in involved sectors the all to assign responsibilities to need We
matter. the facts of the you tell can I
extent. to some process the down slow and future in ambitions legislative limit to wish therefore I
situation. the Latvian repeat to not order in tuberculosis against the fight to allocated funds of scrutiny transparent absolutely have to It important highly is
Netherlands. the in Conference Intergovernmental the of conclusion the of eve the on here too, that feel I
legislation. proposed behind rationale the on emphasis constant its with consistency, and coherence regulatory element of an itself in is two bodies legislative the counterbalancing of The role Commission's
The being is – tax’ ‘Europe the is the keyword – competence tax own its the EU granting idea of discussed.
clemency. for appealing Pakistan of President the writing to so by do to you implore I penalty, death to the opposition of history long its with do, Parliament can this anything there is if President, Mr
We a find able to been yet not have solution.
attractive. more made and intensified be must crops other to Conversion
enough. not certainly is non-discrimination are concerned minorities as as far for non-discrimination, to confined be not will and minorities of the rights of acknowledgement, an least at or codification, include the will you mentioned which rights human of subject the that We hope
light. heat from distinguish to been difficult times at has it debate this During
the 2010. year by % by 10 decrease should they while %, 8 by increased have year this until 1990 from Netherlands, emissions the the In
report. this of favour in voted I industry, this pervade that and complacency impunity the curb to order In
quickly. very minutes 3 my and fill while a for like this on go easily could quite I
relevant. are I believe points which general two more at look me to allow so far, so points raised the of many with agree I President, Mr
donor. efficient most the to become the ability also but the expertise only not has Union The
Some - 'non-critical quote I and are - these that claim Technology, and Economics of Ministry Federal the German example, for parties, items'.
asylum-seeking animals. for heading budget a have we before long be not it will and Member States, the all in welcome be will pigs guinea and our hamsters and illegal will become time, tattoos eight years' In
Until were not children that war, of not albeit terrorism, of a fact it was recall, I as now, attacked.
page. the turn and deal peace a achieve to negotiations but sake, for negotiations' negotiations not - negotiations Israeli-Palestinian of resumption a priority of and overall overriding the agree with all believe we I
contributions. for their Parliament of Members esteemed the thank all to me President, allow Mr
system. legal judiciary Russia's and of independence over the concerns raised and Russia in law of rule the commitment strengthen to public a Medvedev made President office, in term his of beginning the At
observers. form of the in colleagues here our have delighted to are Europe for Democrats Liberals and of Alliance the of the Group in We
We in report the against voted thus have question.
In the to an ear when lending adopt majority the attitude the by measured is democracy or majority, the by represents dictatorship Commission the disseminates information, it the way minorities.
resolution. draft with the line in is That
revolution. 1956 the of anniversary 50th the commemorated has Hungary President, Mr
them. for no funding be will there then shortly, completed be cannot and blocked are projects these if that, clear perfectly it also made we have level; every questions at these addressed and issues with these dealt having constantly staff of my a case just not is It
be EUR 3 398 000. should amount the 41, paragraph In
outcome. arrive at an to easy very always was it that Madam President, not, these discussions, of outcome the with pleased very be must we I believe meantime, the In
unacceptable. is This
road. dangerous this go down not should We
There similar in EU in the regions other many all after are situations.
speech. my is That
As financial EU and priorities policy employment between EU direct link a for provides Guidelines Employment the priorities with its of alignment close concerned, the ESF is the as far support.
drain. brain the in participating about qualms no are there training, for accepted of responsibility bit not one with reduced and, are budgets cooperation immigration, illegal of combating means a as aid development see countries While all
We a solve and try to or whinge, shame, and moan name, to politics into come either can problem.
experts. of number a by attended was relations, which Union-India European on workshop fruitful a in part took recently Affairs Committee Foreign Parliament's on that am aware I
(Parliament oral the accepted amendment)
feed in prices. increases steep the of result as a particularly survive, to are struggling which enterprises, livestock and medium-sized small off kill slowly would proposal The
1976. had since and it, over has all written prestige political has also report the but Prestige, the then Erika and the and Valdez Exxon the had we First
irradiated. Research still are foodstuffs fact, this despite infancy; its still in is allergies, as such illnesses, new of range wide a of the cause into being
The Cohesion the with compared keeps being instrument pre-accession structural Fund.
report. of this aspects important other defeat to want not did CCCTB but against voted - We writing. in
This capital speculative on tax or a added value on levy tax, a CO2 a mean could movements.
set. we have course on the forward steadily moving keep to need We
position. the common renewing of the importance on agree we that pleased I am Kinnock, Mrs
more. achieve the could MEPs that meant which information, of flow constant a was there ensured that This
terror. of victims the for conference international first-ever the I addressed in Madrid, January, In
system? Echelon by the is exposed industry European which to disadvantages the counter to policy, economic its protect to means the establish to intend Commission Does the
change. Things
It nuclear of the use through reduced be not must emissions that insisting fact by that disregard to chooses this that resolution regrettable is energy.
control. arms and non-proliferation, disarmament of field the in instruments multilateral of application effective global and the promote actively intends to Union the policies, control arms and disarmament non-proliferation, s Union' European threat the on the of terrorist repercussions the on December 2001, 10 of conclusions the with accordance In
too. be done can naturally that products, disparate with are dealing we because included also be should Article 43 that feeling a is there If
Europe. for created be may opportunities new that economic so technology, of awareness new a reach us help to aim is whose action, of plan a to we contribute is that most matters think I What
fact has. in which he rights the of him inform to failed has system judicial The American
highlight. to like would I that points three are There
all Europeans? for work safeguard we Can
They combustion large for the requirements and the BAT of application the IPPC, of the scope the narrowing at those aimed particularly compromise, the weaken plants.
sequence. voting is the me to point important the more but arranged, to be that ask for to like should I possible, still it is If
it. to consent will you that We hope
scheme. liability the strengthening by shipowners responsibility to greater giving about proposal is This
Greek neighbours. and Spanish Italian, our with compared produced, quantities are small in Corsica, and France of the south In
legislation. of piece important very this bed to putting Council finally in the of and Commissioner of the their praise in generous very been have who those of all thank like to would I Finally,
The been have sitting s yesterday' of Minutes distributed.
employment. of branch important an represents also it workers, self-employed million 3 and employed million 6 with citizens; for all want we mobility for the basis also the and service is public of the part it transport, forms rail and road In
market. internal the of opening-up balanced on a be voting shall we Thursday, On
possible. as soon as Perspective the Financial adopt and commitments their financial meet must States Member Mr President, the   
OSCE. the protecting of a means be will which FYROM, in Macedonia, in especially region, the in who are troops the strengthen utmost to our do must we that and protecting it however, needs that believe, do I be withdrawn. should the mission OSCE believe not do I So
role. its and tasks its monitoring up step also and will objectives and proposals s Commission' the accept duties, their in will multiplication the despite officials of zero growth the of myth the in always believed which has Parliament, that hope I
you. to back comes right Santer, Mr This,
months. obsolete six in become have proposal the Commission's behind arguments the but needed, as flow course of will and aid world, in the people starving a million are There
They cause and markets the in reactions counterproductive produce also disruption. can
supranational footing. a on activities regulatory the just to place part Commission's the on wise is also it think I
technocracy. a democracy, not a want Parliament European and the citizens The
new. is nothing restructuring that view rapporteur’s share the also I
much. very you Thank
men. by dominated world often technical a disadvantaged in be to continue to them allow not must we for teachers, women to support need the particular to in attention me your draw Let
concerning productivity. achieved been has less rather other, On the
approach. this also share you that Commissioner, would hope, I And
If in situation the to attentive remain would you that informing us reply and my for me thanking just were you right, understood I Belarus.
one problem. is there However,
year. every Communities, European the of Journal Official the of considerable thickness for a account they them, of lot a are there knows everybody and Communities, European acts the of the all and regulations, directives, the all takes one if But
sector. security the in US the by envisaged is same The
objectives. intended the achieving jointly, undergoing is are we which process, learning this to whether see and States Member different the by measures different the of application assess the to difficult very is it indicators such Without
specific elements. more from apart quite factor, crucial a patent is the of matter the concerned, are businesses medium-sized small- and as far as Finally,
Sound and targets out way easy the takes cost-cutting undermined if be also can management administration.
regarding tourism. observation knowledge and of development the for centres support and competence survey, analysis, existing mobilising are We
framework. legislative the of elements the all between to consistency ensure the regulation, revise to need we however, Now,
Guinea. of the Gulf activities in tuna Community of continuity the ensure will it as important It is
prophecy. self-fulfilling a in engaging to be seem They
culture. spreading for centres the main as roles their back schools give to need shows the art of European nature universal the (PL) President, Mr
abstained. 20 the other while accession against voted 120 out of girls 100 result: following the gave 120 youngsters of these ballot The
patient on mobility. strategies and develop data collate we that important extremely also is It
the CAA. administered by and Order Navigation Air the of 117 Article under established currently MORS, scheme, mandatory reporting long-standing a has Kingdom United The
benefit. can industrialised nations of major that laboratories so plundered being South the of countries the again see we once will because, otherwise, areas, tropical in South, the of the countries concentrated in are riches biological since especially discoveries, on patents and inventions on patents between made be certainly must distinction clear a that think I
emancipation. their for pre-requisite a is that work, something to out go to women enable conditions to tools and provide the also then, Society must,
In ambiguous extremely an in regulated is parliament of members individual of immunity the addition, way.
Ideally, Criminal International the to directly handed and be resign to forced should be Bashir President course, of Court.
said? be what can stage, this At
democratic. country a make not do in themselves Elections
in governance economic new the in proposals six the of in favour today voted MEPs of group Democracy New The - writing. (EL) package.
human rights. to commitment Parliament's European the symbol of Prize, the Sakharov the to award going are we year, This
other. the on economies world-leading the and regions European the between gap the closing and hand on one disparities the EU internal reducing to is essential cohesion policy that the view share fully I
right. it get to opportunity unique have a package we PNR forthcoming with the believe I
standards. negotiating key your of implementation full the have considered you when answer a stronger with back come and stance stronger a take will you hope that I
Can so many for unhappiness produces it happiness own when our with only concerned be to ourselves allow we others?
Presidency. Finnish the of preoccupation key a be will dialogue that already announced has too, Tuomioja, Affairs for Foreign Minister Finnish
ministerial talks. July the of collapse the for blamed are be to India and States United The
condemn? heard anyone yet not have I that media blackout the for responsible also Hamas Incidentally, is
The Extension Review and 1995 the at adopted and resolution decisions and the conference review NPT 2000 the of document final the of implementation effective the to committed is and Treaty in laid the down objectives wholeheartedly the supports EU Conference.
threatening Europe? is country Which
market. European single the within law of unity say, I might and, certainty legal guarantees that situation a or incomprehensible an mosaic into are heading we if us tell will experience only course, Of
restrictions. of the in area different very legislations are the because institutions some to detrimental extremely be will This
ambitions. our realise to are we if more resources Union needs The
improvements. possible for areas are huge there that believe I Like you,
annual contributions. pay the freely Members which to states, of association an is which Union vision a of our to contradiction in be would development This
this? on decisions make to competent really they are are, if they even and reading of capable really not are of six age to the up children even and read cannot age of years three under Children
Trade Discrimination against of Forms All of the Elimination on Convention the as conventions, such the all of account take practical must negotiations policy Women.
of supply resources. security of and routes shipping of geopolitics the to issues and environmental climate-change from place there changes taking the of consequences the with deal to have will it since Arctic, the interest in particular has a also but emissions, gas and greenhouse to pollution main contributors the of one being responsibility, certain a bear only not does Europe Thus,
stagnating? economy is our that surprised you Are
themselves. French the of the hands is in solution the of essence The
The brought must be this that show weeks recent of events forward.
nationalism. economic not but needed, policy is sound industrial A
situation. Bosnian the about debate same we the had rightly, remember I if because reservations, minor three more once express to like just I would
   sport and in interest such is there glad that am I President, Mr . football.
surface water. on others ground water, on rely countries Some
is required. spending more that be even may It
clarify. to have we think I that and define to important that are two things are there concerned, is policy energy where task European common to our relation in    Mr President,
risk. at lives putting their shamelessly them', 'Hang the headline under Stone, Rolling the tabloid, a Ugandan by were persons, published LGBT alleged other pictures of names and the with along picture, and name Kato's David 2010, 2 October On
poor. in the than Member States rich the in worse is situation the that agree, I entirely and Someone commented,
are The reactor the about misgivings Austria's that confirms also of Temelin safety the on report Commission's justified.
extraterritorially. violated could be rights their when particularly extraterritorial protection, including remedies, judicial their and data their both citizens, our of protection the concern specifically that things much those very reflects May in adopt will we that resolution The
pillar. third the and rights on human opinions future any delivering from it prevent Parliament and European the muzzle it can how Assembly National the in wondering been has Government French consequence, the as a and, took umbrage Chirac President
industry. pharmaceutical the to was tailored which proposal, initial the Commission's amended plenary Today
excluded. feel not do delegations small the that extremely careful be we must believe that do I
families. their and leaders the all for visas withdrawing as such Sanctions
Minutes see sitting: next the Agenda of
now. vote the to this put shall therefore I
the other. on principle that for achieving phase a transitional allows but hand, one the on voluntary donation and free of principle the upholds which Party and Reform Democrat Liberal, European of the Group and the Democrats European and Democrats) (Christian Party People' s European the of Group the by amendment the approve will House the I hope why That is
measures. need concrete urgently we gentlemen, and Ladies
future. the in GSP from arrangements benefiting would stop it that no indications are There GSP+. the from benefits Lanka Sri moment the At
process. this more itself in involve should Parliament European the that believe We
budget. 1997 the for conclusion successful a to procedure hoc ad the bring to your rapporteur for required support technical of kind available any make will that Commission the reconfirming by to conclude wish I
At greater even face States Member new the in living farmers 3.6 million the however, the time, same problems.
world. of rest the the from values cultural and sporting with contact into come to people Chinese the opportunity for outstanding an are Games The
process. the part in take can countries applicant the that so be provided should resources that more vital is and it encourage this, to try must We
so. doing to its of obstacles lot a already now are There
Secondly, common our of part fundamental and integral be an must event, any which, in but –– themselves migrants the for and destination the of society for –– meaning dual has a integration which an societies; our within arising are frequency, greater with and degree increasing to an which, conflicts the and rootlessness, marginalisation prevent can only we way the is since that immigrants, of integration full the for work must we policy.
citizens. our on had humiliation of ending waiver and visa the effect emotional great know the lifted, I were Bulgaria for visa requirements the when time at Minister Foreign As
too. Bosnia in Kosovo and and Yugoslavia war in the during fired were which uranium with depleted ammunition of the quantities and of illness incidences the between exists link whether a precision and care utmost with examine the to is CFSP - the of Representative High with the here agree entirely I and - do we must What
conditions. substandard socio-economic sustain their to than Roma integrate to cheaper is it because investment, necessary a is Roma of inclusion the opinion that rapporteur's the with agree I
. be" that powers kill the cooks, the not kill "Do ETA: to he said when party his leader of the by statements the about talks also document that whether ask him to like would I However,
programme. ‘Ulysses’ the create to proposal the report, in this made contributions most interesting the of one be to believe I what stress proposal and Yáñez’s Mr support like to I would President, Mr   
towns. our squares of and streets the in kill to free with Aids, kill to free overdoses, with to free kill crime, and organised Mafia the by controlled be to free free: are they drugs; your are drugs today, said that, be must it of all, First
fully. this understand able to not am I
unanimously. my report approved Development on Committee The
Financial farmers dairy by required is assistance immediately.
of credit. type this on 1998 and 1990 of 1987, directives existing three the by recasting regulations to Community clarify and consumer protection level of high a guarantee to consumer credit, in market internal genuine a for conditions the establish to Commission's desire European the welcome I
reality. become a to is European countries Eastern include the to enlargement especially when aid, this of review a radical undertake to indispensable is It
labelled. not still are these such, as not labelled is it because protein animal contains no it that conviction the in animals his to it feed and conscience good all in fodder animal buy may this: farmer a consider Just
text. the in elsewhere up taken are that proposal the of articles those which delete and 11 10 Nos Amendments accept can We
activities. offshore intragroup others, amongst targeting, national measures of series a challenged have We
information? this on a monopoly have doctors should Why
Netherlands. the - and Germany - country between my debate by the irritated also am I that, of the light In
proceedings. in these have done we credibility than with greater and promptly, more faster, kind this responses of deliver to future in way a find and them agreement on to an come to have will we though, day, the of end At the
stability. relative to in relation and resources and waters access to to relation in documents of the wording the about concerns serious very some have I miles 12 beyond but retention, limit 12 mile the 6 and welcome I
view. point of policy environmental an financial and a both from responsible be to ourselves prove to we words, want in other transport, public for local pass job-funded a see to like would We
The the of opportunities the for importance of is utmost it know also we idea and European a truly is know it we markets, labour of efficiency the for employment, quality of the for important is it know we and cooperation European and mobility the in very much is individual. success
excellent The her Cederschiöld in Mrs by expressed concerns serious to the a disservice such this does that a pity is it it; prohibit expressly that Germany, such as States, Member of number a of constitutions the contravenes it and here, authority our exceeding are we because Treaties the and constitution own contravenes our text report.
States. its Member for Union or the either for good be would this believe not do I policy, and over European accounting national of a triumph would be it form, current the its in Council of part the on view this – to accept going not is it and – accept to were Parliament If
proposal. high-quality a is obvious: result The
life. for needed conditions the in change structural a it involves because face, have to we that problem the greatest effect is greenhouse the and gentlemen, ladies Mr President,   
reality. a all equal, different, all to make competence duty and rights human a has EU The
and welfare. education, health protection, earthquake as such needs, urgent satisfy to able not are method capitalist development the Union and European The
Union. European of the the accomplishments of one is thing and good a is this course of and country, different a to are moving couples or countries different of nationals between taking marriages are place increasingly, where, place a is It
million. 1 ECU 534 of total a words, other in year; same the in Fund Cohesion the unused for commitments appropriations for of million 101 and ECU 1997, in Funds Structural the for unused were which 433 million 1 ECU budget 1999 the to transferring proposes Commission Agreement, the Interinstitutional the of with 10 paragraph accordance in implementation for conditions the at looking and into this consideration, all Taking
administration. parliamentary needs of improvement and efficiency the of investigation the for budget s year' this 000 for EUR 300 appropriation of an approved Parliament year, last why, is This
raised. been not has that question But
By air Serbian the on weight counter political a of the significance underlines again once provinces. This the in by come to hard exist are do papers that independent few the the way: waves.
Union. the of States Member large the in services, particularly postal inefficient the of term interests short the a majority by Council chose the first reading, at Parliament like this Just
Some the of hearts minds and the in linger to continues suspicion people.
Parliament. European the and the Council decision of a case, this in – instrument legal formal in a enshrined be should they forward taken be to order In
made. already for agreements the respect law and of international basis the on negotiate, to will your and peace to commitment to your doubt as slightest the have therefore can one No
Union. the within certainly desirable is and be unstoppable should which something market is single a move towards the that recognized widely is It
be managed. will it how even know not do we and billion 70 EUR and 40 between billion EUR to cost more likely is system defence missile that the believe experts the all but million, 200 EUR is amount the that says Secretary General The
The do to failing in consistent as just is it yet and competitiveness, competition promote to claims its in consistent is Union European so.
international affair. an definition by almost and is management, and ownership of in terms complexity its known for is Shipping
resources. fishery maintain to be will prime objective whose reform a fashioning in part active play an to and attempting fact of points the on concentrating be should though, we Parliament, Europe's As
time. over slightly running it meant though even group, his of on contribution behalf a making and for question the elucidating for Doyle thank Mr I   
The that of characteristics the specific account into take to have will 2014-2020 for Funds Structural of architecture the future fund.
this. on rapporteurs the shadow Commission and the thank to want just I off, but to rush wants everybody know I President, - Mr rapporteur.
today. for open left be that should question a is authority competition international an into turn day one will disputes of arbitration the procedure for Whether a
So non-proliferation the to agreed Syria discussions, long and long negotiations after when, hope gave us that one point positive least was at there that say to like simply would concerned, I is Syria as far clause.
resolution. a for motion joint formulate the to us allowed which their cooperation, friends for honourable thank my I President, Madam
important. so not are itself manifests the culture through which techniques the day the of end the at EU, but the throughout culture restrictive this overthrow and clear away to necessary it indeed consider do I
of horse-trading. sort this of had enough have citizens fellow Our
treatment. medical to access and given court a arraigned before was he that - yesterday - until Tuesday not was it Sunday, last Tsvangirai Morgan of arrest the Following
Development. for Coherence Policy on work the participate in to unwillingness as an interpreted be not should vote 'no' my and sound, however, very are - in plenary through voted was which - report of the parts Large
themselves. help to them enabling and labour market the in foothold a from society excluded are who those giving of way a as training and in education also but growth economic only in not invest right only to is exclusion, it combating social and policy employment In developing
However, all. contains that ecosphere an - person human every of the reality spans that existence of a plane - all by shared being as live we which in universe the understanding of way a is us there
with you. question this co-author to allowing me for Jöns, Mrs you, grateful to I am President, Madam (DE) - author.
Our British the by ruled were we when time the throughout centuries, for lasted France and Spain links with political and cultural Crown.
cycle. entire life their impact throughout environmental low a and efficiency of level high a with products of the distribution level European promote at to voluntary intended measure a is Ecolabelling
better. the much so it and so be earlier, do that to position a in are Member States if But
again! yet you to I appeal
that. towards way go some will Gillig by Mrs tabled amendment oral said, the as I and, situation particular in their colleagues Dutch the with sympathise I
(Applause)
it. need not We do
State. Member one in unity family group preserving at particularly aimed welcome, we that derogations new and criteria new are same there At time, the
clause. disclosure notorious Amendment 66, the on did as I voted I explain why to however, wish, I
issue. this on morning House this the around views diverging some heard have President, Madam you
The relevant and the President the between opinion emerge of difference a should followed be to a procedure establishes amendment proposed committee.
horizontal agreement. the to accede to States Member new both enable and Community legislation agreements to the adjust necessary to therefore is It
programme. against this voted I
forces. police between operational international cooperation to significantly contribute proposals will these of implementation The
years. over the again and time views its expressed clearly has this rights, House human of subject the On
Mr choose will you trust we President-in-Office, wisely.
unfair competition. encourage not must which market, world in the producers EU for field playing level a secure to essential is it - also clear is policy trade external EU's the and policy agricultural common between the consistency some for need The
species protection of level the to according appendices three into divided CITES are by covered The needed.
Bulgaria. in minority Macedonian the minorities, especially of situation the of problem specific on the to like focus should I However,
scratch. from not starting are we So
previously. than a independently more little act can it that chance a perhaps is there Presidency, new the Under
Palestinians. the and territories Palestinian occupy to want not do but Israel, of security the defend want to they saying that are who soldiers those the by like initiatives, many more be will there then proposing, initiatives are we the hear can side other the that to show manage we if but to, listened are not peace of speak those who Patten said, Mr as know today, that I
children. their of health the and health their for regions, the in live who people the care for must also we this to in addition But
We be to as so far going without cautious, extremely be therefore, must, obscurantist.
incredible. absolutely is 1994 and 1990 between BSE crisis the of height the at occurred mismanagement that the of description The
way. efficient and a professional in done be must, then, It
their bikes. to silencers new fit to being forced are that riders means directive this of Implementation
their future. dignity and their their well-being, for be concerned must we and any like others residents are children European but shaky, was basis legal the that true is It
or colonies. protectorates veritable into them transform and countries peoples and subjugate which measures, intervention these perpetuate is to propose legislative documents these What
justified. well is agencies environmental such appropriation for Community
FTA. Euro-Mediterranean beneficial mutually a creation of the concerning suggestions several puts forward which for report this voted I writing. in
Plan. Action subsequent of the 45.3 Action with line 2008 in half of first the in Commission European the by conducted was The evaluation
quickly. force more into not come does the regulation if arise, could situations similar more many afraid that am I
energy. renewable supporting on instance for usefully, more spent be could money of amount that No doubt
democratic rights? their violates which ordeal, this from Austria citizens the of release officially Council the will when If so,
June. 13 Tuesday on part-session a starting on based agenda is draft final the President, Madam
follow. to hard is that pace a at progressing also which is the media, of concentration the in trend to approach appropriate an involves also services, it kinds multimedia of all of provision the to only not applies That
opportunities. trade capitalise new on ability to countries' improve developing to is objective its concerned, is Trade for Aid as far As
Public Procurement. on Committee Advisory is the States Member the with forum discussion Another
services. of public privatisation and liberalisation the pursue to designed Strategy the Lisbon of version neo-liberal even more an present people, they 80 million than more affects which poverty of problem and the conditions address living improve to designed responses of Instead
That a as years five imprisoned be for may well he and trial to him bring to them for sufficient was result.
stands. it proposal as Commission the approve intend to not does Commission, and the of that than Council in the represented States certain Member of opinion the of in favour more is report its Parliament in
are the to importance strategic of great is Turkey that plain is it and stalled, are negotiations other open, yet not are open, others Union. Some
Chamber. this mentioned in frequently been has that something is this indeed and will, European common a shape to goal is second our however, documents, draft effective strategic can we which in ways for searching as time same the At
codify it. to is does Constitution the all and law, case Justice Court of European established by already was which a principle is This
I same the from sing to Union the bring to in order do to intends he what Solana from Mr hear to like therefore would songsheet.
either. this yet for no plans are there Parliament, but in here use everyday for vehicles friendly environmentally in invest more we that proposal a should draft administration the that clearly decided have in Parliament majority the that hope also I
Romania? in beds caged of issue the address Commissioner, you could –   
vote. to the proceed now shall We
Applause
agenda. Parliament's come onto finally subject has this programmes, follow-up discussing already are year we and this of end at the close a to coming are these programmes that Now
Council. the as to well as Parliament to be certainly provided will UNRWA by submitted report annual The
course. of that, than further discussion goes our But
texts. the improved now has The Council
proposing. are we what on opinion of their delivery the fast for Members to honourable grateful very am I
decision. just and principled this at rejoice will all democrats certain that am I
date. expiry an review and mid-term a allocations, financial indicative includes now instrument cooperation development Parliament, the by requested As
year. this doing again are as we Christmas, to each run-up the in in safety Parliament toy of issue the debate we that coincidence a be cannot It
citizens. fellow our to relates point My second
well. as countries other with agreements facilitation conclude visa to made being are efforts aware, be will you As
these days. problem true Union's the European is consistency that believe I
Sky. Single European the implementing for deadline justification the any without extending thereby boundaries, blocks' with national the boundaries current the replace will we Otherwise,
reasons. own dictator's this for fought was Kuwait against war The
public. the awareness of raising the and informing of level the at develop action to need we however, time, same At the
A 22 after even - international law of flagrant violation a remains law international of violation flagrant years.
Italy Brok the of in paragraph 8 specifically, including, Security Policy, Foreign and Common the areas for priority the in Africa include East to necessary and right both is it that believe I and crises, such managing in Union European the of increasing involvement the encouraged has report.
Brussels. in hand my broken having directly, operation its experienced I year Last
work. Parliament’s of fruit also and Convention the of valuable work the of fruit Treaty, first Constitutional its European elections, next the before have, will Europe itself: set has it which objectives the attain will therefore, Presidency, this that convinced I am
development. and well-being health, food, life, for essential is water Access to (PT)
rapporteur. on of honour in English in speak will I President, Mr - Group. PSE the of behalf our
. Council" the of competence the within fall does Gothenburg not in Council European the during action "police that repeat like to would I said, what I of any interpretation require does not Schmid that Herman assume I As
disposal. our resources at the all deploy we shall that assured rest can You
directories. telephone issuing for is responsible for example, who, Commission the person in the down track to public general the for possible be also months few a in it will directory, telephone secret a with years 45 after so, And
reciprocity. of principle with the keeping in State, Member that citizens of of rights the as as well State, Member a in residing someone rights of the protecting with concerned essentially is directive This
influence developments. we can how to as strategy overall an apply and view overall take an to need we and other fronts, numerous and humanitarian the on happening is what constitution, the with happening is concerns, what at individual look to need We
fragile very ecosystems. these of biodiversity the preserving by continued existence their ensure must we and of Guyana, forests tropical the to from taiga in Europe, represented are forest of types All
procedures. these in Parliament involvement of welcome the much very I that say to and question this oral for Fisheries, on Committee the of Chair the Fraga Estévez, thank Mrs like to would I President, Mr - Commission. the of Member
(RO) barriers the remove to and logistics transport freight of development the for favourable environment ensure a to have States Member Commissioner, President, Mr involved.
comments? any there Are
doors. closed behind act to continues Council the that and transparency no still there is that is it unfortunate and transparency and openness without possible not democracy is European of strengthening The
today. France facing problem fundamental a then, is This,
well. as subsequent ones with but debate our of subject this with connection in only not attention, special deserves think which I aspect particular is a That
and law. international 1244 Resolution with conformity in Serbia part of remains Kosovo in Protectorate International the that of ensuring importance the about spoke you contribution In your (CS)
the budget. of V Section under enlargement to due expenditure administrative the view on place Parliament to and Commission the both for reasonable It is
changed. be to positions these for reason no there Commission, is the and by Council the also but House, this only by to, not up signed and approved considered, carefully been have these Since
Votes
applied. being actually are the Community in airports regional for aid impermissible) (or for permissible guidelines Commission's the to which extent show the to delay without examples or two one give to Commissioner the ask to like should I
are. we there Well,
finances. public destabilise could expenditure pension of control but insufficient tomorrow, ageing of budgetary impact with the cope to it easier today makes finances public Consolidating
Quisthoudt-Rowohl. Mrs by and report broad-minded reliable very this with pleased very group is our President, Mr
it. for voted such, as I and, force in currently that is system ecopoints an prolonging involves proposal The
this. before pages text two in the appear staff contract 11 and staff temporary 43 whereas plan, establishment this listed are on posts Thirty-nine
and Italy. Belgium for way that continue things will trust that we and direction right the in is trend the We believe
citizenship. of European a strengthening as well as countries, these for forward step important an This is
solution. enduring or no is good there Russia without but blackmail, Russian to in cannot give We
It France. the case in so very much course, of and, countries our for partner important an be event any at will of
Commission. the from a proposal of basis the on and supervision parliamentary under place take must this of all that debate, after this is clear, It
work. back people to its get to big idea Europe's upon embark to Europe inspiration all for an was market single the for programme 1992 Delors the President, Mr
situation. worrying extremely an in are we thus all, in All
It of these credibility political the bruised and Parliament and Commission the keelhauled Council the that his fault not institutions. is
development. of shape the in the results and aid the of extent the between link proportionate straightforward always not a is there that shows experience Admittedly,
relationship. Union-Turkey European of the evolution the step in important another and historic moment a was This
writing. asked, in specifically you you, as to will reply I promise I Belder, Mr
winter? this gas crisis new a face to have to going Europe is President, Mr
use. in vehicles monitoring by systems and self-diagnosis introducing by - this on touched already have we and namely - boundary, pollution the improve will significantly measures which other found has Commission the Moreover
to fruit. addition in organic products healthy of range a include should schoolchildren for Special promotions
trade. is question big other the but on speak this, to enough time have not do I
policies. between competition be soon to not is there that sure we make must and men between is competition There
and quickly. together to solution a find to need we is something this that Commission the and the both presidency to say I Can
needs. energy nuclear EU’s future the supplying to vital be will which onstream, coming from mines uranium cake yellow of Kazakh supply potential vast the appreciated, less is context, and this In
to information. access limited and scientists of free circulation of problem the drain, brain the to that Add
people. 200 nearly Madrid killed in attacks bomb 2004, in this day On
Has a become this reality?
Mr Community even the and public the of the eyes in important less seem will least at or noticed, be not Europe will people the of of representatives the by made proposals and the analyses risk that real a is there that 2000 Agenda and enlargement about the recently written and said been has much so President, institutions.
system. this to change any ratify to need the mentioned You
support it. willing to be will House this in for nobody it, helping no is there then stability, and peace establish help to unwilling is and wind blowing is the way the not see does Hezbollah if is true: the same though, too, Here,
interests. national their for priority claim fact in not States will Member all 15 count final the in if wonder I And
expense. farmers' the at be must not it problem, this to found is solution Whatever
Europe. in for all future better a nation and their of good common the of benefit the for work their excellent continue to country to their visit a recently during met I which associations Croatian family on the called I is why That
here. problem grave a have So we
position. common the of 1.2(b) in Article introduced finally was reference a that on it insisted I because is It only
Fortunately, civil a of development and the rights human reconstruction, of promotion economic of mixture a is which Pact, Stability the example, for done, can be things how of examples also there are society.
11%. to amount disbursed incorrectly funds The
year. this later Copenhagen at see to we all want agreement change climate a to road the on leadership global for standards highest set the has which also Parliament this of decision - a 2008 December in agreed we that change climate and energy on package 2020 European the of part be proud am to I why is That
us. led they where look the past, in people these police not did we When
day. this to continues This policy
crisis. financial the response to speedy Council's praised the we met we time last President, Mr - Group. ALDE the of behalf on
reality. political therefore legal and values, a including its Treaty, Constitutional the of substance and the principles make help to want We
facts been already have and startling are obesity on The quoted.
production. research and growth, are These
the better. for changed yet not has Unemployment
inclusion. social strengthening with along into it, them integrating and market labour the demands of to the workers of skills the adaptation promoting opportunities, professional and career improving in role vital a plays Fund European Social The
worthwhile. been have would Union European Ireland, the Northern in was peace achieved we thing only the if that say to I have with faced this, When
that. on colleagues my I congratulate
there. already actually is proposal the think I approach, so on the agree We already
months. 18 every Tutsis to Hutus passing from Presidency rotating a together with be established, to was sharing system power equitable An
trapping It humane international agreement on the concluded USA, the and Russia Canada, together with EU, the that 1998 in was standards.
EU presidency. the comes from shortcomings glaring the of One
acquis. Community our with Convention the IMO of requirements the compare therefore carefully we will study, our in And
after December. things two doing favour of in am I
I real the into facing now are only we believe test.
142) (Rule Statements Written
That the within exist that shareholding of forms of multiplicity the investigate to or wish, able, be either will one no place, takes the revision time when years’ in five else that, anyone well as as knows doubt no Government the Swedish but case, the may be EU.
world? the throughout rights human of violation systematic the and death penalty, the Guantanamo, in torture the flights, CIA the you recall Do
society. learning a resourcing for partnerships of development the and exclusion social combating learning, concerning lifelong in Commission, particular the proposed by those to addition proposals in concrete of number includes a resolution for a motion The
Similarly, and competitiveness improved to path the step on a vital is taxation - of questions or venture capital of acquisition procedures, the bureaucratic complex with do to have they whether - industries middle-sized and small for removing prosperity. restrictions

abolished. be to is pricing system book the way, their have Commission European the also unfortunately and shops of chains a few if President, Commissioner, Mr
plans. recapitalisation national recent most the of approval are finalising currently We
plantations. oil for palm programmes for financing starting of possibility the today, even still discussing, it time, is same the At
We of result a as died workers Thule the of that any indicate to no documentation have radiation.
sentence. death the of out carrying the confirm not that should it order in Assembly National Turkish the of President the with would intervene that she also read and I sentence this of the confirmation to speedily reacted Fontaine Nicole President that read to was pleased also I
clearer. making things thus specification, some to introduce need on the agree can I believe I
measures. labour market of kinds various through employed are those who one includes if percent 13-14 or percent 10.7 is unemployment constantly. Today risen it has Instead
audiovisuals. about was Another question
disgrace! a is today going on been has What
ridiculed. been and collapsed has which indictment' of of 'bill the Hague, in The up tribunal set special the US-inspired sanctify to being made is effort An
Tomlinson. Mr you, Thank
force. in Procedure of the Rules mind in bearing plenary, to adoption its refers and involved the issues clarifies proposal This
method. Community a converted into is coordination, open words in other method, existing intergovernmental this - that today's debate of means by including - it to see should We
here. is involved what of scale the at to look need actually we I think
All the stirred has liberalisation that demonstrate these aspects market.
'responsibility'. is report this in key word The
OLAF. come to now will I affair, the Eurostat on reflection this conclude To
question. Cyprus the settle to be used must which opportunity of window fabulous a have now we Furthermore,
defect. this clearly illustrated have cases Recent
pollution worse. just make energy of sources that fossil-based demand and to respond us to allow not will energy sources of alternative that acknowledge time same the at us Let
States. Union Member European of expected high standards the delivers justice Italian that doubts have no I of extradition, case in the terms: uncertain no in add, to like I would
context. in its proposal placing this by start shall I
During to solutions proposed and transit during occurred that problems the catalogued Kellett-Bowman rapporteur, as Edward chairman and as Tomlinson John with which, enquiry committee, an up set and fraud type of this against fight the in lead the took Parliament European 1996, the and 1995 them.
programmes. MED the of subject the on said you what to carefully yesterday very listened I
thank. to should I whom Commission, the Council the and from representatives with and Members fellow my of many with close cooperation in carried out work of piece intense an of end the coming to are we year, a than more after and gentlemen, Mr President, ladies .   
views. of exchange extended an of the context in being them, indeed, of one occasions, three on discussed Affairs Monetary Economic and on Committee that the is something This
countries. Group Contact the and European Union the of resolve message of the carry will Belgrade he In
Justice. Court of of European the to referred be disputes will that legal agreement now is There
made. be can improvements that so instructions issue Commissioner must the case, is the not this If
tags. their have lost of them some and return sheep those later months Six
Christianity. to converting for death to be put could woman Muslim or man a country his in true that was it if him ask to went on I
events. corporate by replaced being is old, years of thousands culture, whose and disappearing of danger is in language whose nations the small to attention drawing in way in this succeed we will hope that I
drastic. is cereals of price the increase in 20% a and budget, the 80% of to 60 is figure this countries, developed least the in on food, budget household our of 20% 10 to spend we countries, developed the in While
Commission? to the discharge grant to not committee in vote did I then, Why,
words. mere then transcend would We
USA. the EU and between the relations disrupting sin of cardinal the commit not will they clearly stated, they As
institutions. EU the in of lobbyists activities the for framework the on Affairs, Constitutional on Committee the of on Friedrich, behalf Ingo by replaced Stubb, by Alexander report the is item next The
actions. thematic with 2 Objective new a prefer we why is citizens, which for results better and visibility greater actions have that so simplified be have to obviously will which 2, Objective comment concerns My second
marketplace. world the in position strengthen EU's the to as produce, so European of the quality enhance farmers and our to support order in about came policy agricultural European The
migrants' rights. to regard with notably approach, human rights strong a on based must be approach an such suggests, report As the
The our in and China in the changes reflect should it because ago, years 20 one signed first the than scope broader in much be will agreement framework new relations.
efficiency. energy for a strategy with forward to move gases is greenhouse reduce to means cost-effective most The
such request. no made has Council the occasion, this on raised point specific answer the to In
changed. has much Nothing
defended truth. who country his from philosopher anonymous an quoting fashion by extraordinary an in programme his of correction justified the has debate, attend this to has failed discourteously who Commission, the of President Commissioners, the President, Madam (ES)
report. the course benefited of this has and Union, European the with relations of its shaping the in and issues development in Ukrainian interest personal has deep, a author the that report the from is apparent It
of researchers; Skills and Training
NGOs. foreign and local both on exerted controls and the registration NGOs local to denying for scope the example for – far-reaching remain too provisions the of some that concerned remain However, we
Creator. and world its the natural respect for on based needed, is development economic of sustainable model new a that and way this on go cannot things that fact the of worldwide awareness a create to needed is work So
Refugees not still region, have which the in neighbouring countries of care the to part, most the in abandoned, has Europe wealthy which recovered.
(indirectly). Bank Central European the the of representatives via and (directly) representatives own their via Committee, namely Financial and Economic the on dual representation have euro-area the of countries the says that the rapporteur the report, statement of explanatory the In
In Industrial and Affairs Monetary on and Economic and Committee Parliament's Commission European the than charter Internet an create to project this on keen less be to itself committee showed unanimously, our opinion Ewing's Mrs adopting Policy.
days. few next the in the ground on to arrive expected Crisis also is Response and Humanitarian Aid Cooperation, International for Commissioner European the force; task post-disaster a and Nations, United the with aid coordinating for mechanism a established has Spanish Presidency, the under Union, European The
workers. the by taken being path and the of will illustrates truly the statement This
university. of the heart the in spoken had I that – opinion widespread a this is – say and could she believed Mrs Bachelot
supermarkets. silos grain and attack people hungry desperate as world the across riots food violent been there have Already
OLAF’s improving governance. ways of as possible forum interinstitutional an creating or Committee Supervisory the of role the enhancing mentioned Prodi President 18 November, speech of his In
together. to come workers voluntary getting to contribution remarkable fairly a have made together all Ireland for Fund International the and package Delors the justified it; have not would stage development economic its when status 1 Priority Ireland got Northern three packages: into been has translated goodwill The
The Treaty. in for provided the of mandate length the for President a appoint must they two, in mandate a cut cannot Council the
just to now. referred Lipietz Mr bubble which financial the swell to help will which derivatives economy; real the on bearing no have on indexes which based products towards far too leans it First,
Sufficient terrible is Sudan a facing situation the for area, this to given be must attention one.
will multiply. they away, go not only not will the problems food, and products agricultural producing for which criterion decisive and primary the be to continues sector the in monopolies huge of the profits the increasing and how, matter costs, production no reducing long as as that, out point to like should we Finally,
them. to attention point or themselves to defend how and know able be to the resources or strength the lack victims often the flagrantly violated, most the are rights people’s situations those where in that stress however, me, Let
field. this in government Spanish with the case the unfortunately, is, which governments, of reluctant most us, the of even all affects which commitment a and initiative an require We Summit. eagerly Tampere the await we reason, this For
the Mediterranean. in stability political and security promote to Union European by the adopted ever initiative ambitious the is most five-year period, this for million 500 3 ECU received has which programme, The MEDA
changed! has and nothing years ago, three was however, That,
people. of numbers large individuals and for both consequences fateful have could This
committee. in called for ever never, for was called being now which is data retention on article this of deletion whole The
issue. driftnet the to relation realistic in being is Council as the Council the response from the at disappointed not am for one, I,
12 noon. at tomorrow place take will vote The
general. in policy Community and democratic committed effective, more pursue to alone let policy, environmental common of the to implementation improve the way not is This
76. and 74 73, 65, 62, 57, 42, 40, 37, to 28, 31 27, 17, 21, 20, to 14 12, to 10 6, 2, 5, Nos are Amendments They
death. and suffering to leads often that and stress suffer animals The
Agreement. Trade Free the of signing the from arise will that consequences dramatic and disastrous the with in effective dealing be not will it and insufficient, is Trade Agreement Free EU-Korea the clause of safeguard bilateral think the I
careers. their further to or likely profitable or expedient not was so do when time to a at themselves other than people for done and something courage political unusual shown have who those to year each is awarded It
very I go can things goals, same the share Commission the Council and the when that shows clearly enlargement issue of whole the handling of the that think smoothly.
purposes. protectionist for adopted not was certainly it at, and arrived decision was that with which transparency and the objectivity by the stand would I
continent. entire European the of support the with vigorously it pursue we if intervention political with continue can and we action, of course proper the on decided have you believe why I That is
It these of authors judge the harshly find and authorities Iraqi and Egyptian the that important is massacres.
country? particular a from come should how much and label we should what line, the draw do where we this himself: on Manders touched Mr
citizens. fellow our to message counter-productive send a my opinion, in would, self-congratulation Noisy
So IMF the of agenda on the that put will you hope I meeting.
adopted. directive is this if lost be will conditions necessary lay down to right the that expressed Administration concern has Maritime National Swedish the Likewise,
Kosovars. on the forced has been tragedy that humanitarian the to response in their millions in mobilising are that Europeans encouraging also and right is it view in my President, Mr
motorway. a operation of the with risks more take to sector private the encourage to particular facility this of use the of example concrete a good is This
it. then prove unfounded, are group my concerns the of that claim now you If
Group. Socialist the of position the to fully correspond not does today adopted resolution the if even ground, find common to position and have clear a to has Parliament the European because resolution this supported personally, I and We,
concerned. is disputes industrial domestic in to intervene ability its as far so Commission by the exercised authority the of extent the very well know Member will honourable the Secondly,
countries. our developing and relaunching MEPs: objectives as our of reach one and economies our influence to intervene, to chance the will have we happens, what is this If
his. refused was Crowley Brian after order immediately of point a for asked too that I noted have will others and secretariat your sure that am I
health. to harmful and dangerous are that products citizens from Europe the of protect to goal our be it must that opinion the of also am I
risks. certain Commissioner, was poses he back when scheme hare-brained Brittan's Leon Sir was which market, transatlantic large a of idea the to taken being approach The Parliament. to extends this also that and naivety, certain even a sometimes and attitude the European in confusion certain a is that there say I must viewpoint, From this
Because fisheries common the in found be to not is it stocks, fishing to conserve measure best technical the really want we if say, have to really I policy.
taken. must be measures fiscal and energies, renewable for agreement price supply-side a Europe-wide had we time high is it example, For
Agenda 2000. of financing the towards is that new financial requirements, the towards "bridge" a as the time at defined was budget 1999 the Firstly
the directive. need to reform the on with Members agree I out that point to like I 2002. would of end the and now between directive, a new for proposals s Commission' the on necessary, if and, directive the on debate institutional an to lead will this obtained, results the on depending undertaken, and work of the the basis On
marketing. misleading of rid get to attempt to and tobacco of products harmfulness the to reduce smoking, of risks the of warn to is task our politicians, as our capacity In
reducing poverty. in education of role the one doubts No (EL)
Commissioner Gradin. much, very you Thank
turned off? be can microphone the if necessary, that, everyone remind kindly you Could
terrorism. international area for direct target a now is Europe that known have we in Madrid, criminal atrocities the Since
power. and money it with bringing communication, means of central become a spectrum has radio The
here. people most for the case is believe this I
alone. Britain in than more times 6 - customers over potential 370m over to access have Market, they Single the EU of a part As
CARIFORUM. on assent can give not we or whether on debate important very a had we evening On Monday
understood. will be sure am I which reason basic very for a procedure III Annex the use having to are this: we say I only
ill. being despite prison, in still is Belarus, President of of the post for competitor Mr Lukashenko's Kazulin, Mr
States. Member the in of nationality the acquisition for procedures and criteria the general of coordination greater for desire its is underlining It
But these to refer to Pact, Stability the on debate a in the place, is it not think I do findings.
economy. whole European the of benefit to the contributing value a is Mobility
cooperation. without decision a reach cannot Parliament parliaments, this unlike other Unfortunately,
I my original in group my by as supported 1(21a), Article new a of addition the propose still proposal.
It about speak opinion or an express to them for convenient be not would it Beijing, and with business do prefer to Parliament, this Members of are representatives whose States, Member many fact, because, in that way, easier is because it hands, its wash to wants Union the European shows this that me to seems China.
paramount. is Health
system. the to up linked to be able be will Telecommunications companies
Following of positions and competitive the prices market on aid of effect the assess to respected and being is agreement GATT extent the to what examine to support our review internal to we need intelligent, very view, my in were, that system support States United the to changes commodities.
will the to closed is door that companies; other merge with or buy up to are they as free well, as legally placed be better They monopolies.
action. take has to Europe
Council. and Commission the of opinion expressed the reached and compromise with the in keeping is It
failure. an utter been has employment, and productiveness on competitiveness, Paper White the in extensively explained most employment policy, Union's European The
per annum. growth 2% of rate average an at prosper to Western Europeans economy enabled market the and globalisation fate, well-documented met their Wall, Berlin the of shelter the under economy, market the outside countries in while that, people remind also them would I
2000. until February only exemption WTO a to subject is Agreement The Lomé
States. Member new the from on information dependent also said, is as I Commission, the since standards, health and environmental high of goal political the achieve to is important cooperation This
means. brutal using extremely in power, stay to effort every made Mugabe Mr
lapses. 54 No present, Question not is author As the
value. symbolic and practical both is of consider which I one on commenting start by to like should Petitions, I on Committee the by unanimously adopted were which report, in my contained proposals the to As
as possible. soon as due amount the pay to debtor the motivate order to in progressive be payments should late on The interest
dark. the in strategic guidelines debate to is difficult It
strategy. EU 2020 the in outlined as reduction poverty for meet targets their States Member that sure make We must
products. of energy taxation the for framework Community a on directive a Council proposal for the part of review as fundamental to subject must be exemptions and shall all that fact the to attention draw we 5 No Amendment in However,
minorities. sexual against discrimination and deaths EU, cell the persons outside against from targeted been has often which violence, police borders its within witnessed EU has the years, recent In
parents. her to her access allowing first without gallows to the her led and cell her from girl 23-year-old a executioners took their us, Casaca told Friday, Paulo as Last
Macedonia. of Yugoslav Republic former the for report progress the regarding Parliament European in the Group Socialist the rapporteur for as acting am I row, a year in third for the President, (PL) Mr
law. existing not enforcing were that people was problem The
day. every Qaeda Al of fanaticism the for fuel more providing believe is I which an approach level, international at terrorism with are dealing allies European its of some States and United way the absurd the of consequences dreadful the and context international the Israel from and Palestine in situation delicate the cannot we separate clear that is Furthermore, it
stream. and down up intervene going to are we so, do To
iodine? of Bq 0 milk with alternative an is there iodine when of Bq 500 containing children milk my give to going I am myself, to think I
Delors all deserves he that for and it, said has who few the one of is Jacques credit.
offers. the programme opportunities the of full advantage take will countries applicant current the that hope Sport Media and the Education, Youth, Culture, on Committee the on We
At agree Commission the nor I neither that Commission the to attributed been have thoughts debate, the during several points with.
The per of GDP terms in especially countries, EU behind long way a are they general, in that, report shows capita.
concerns. our to carefully more and listening Union European the to attitude open more a adopting increasingly States is United The
standstill. from moved our not have we this but despite work, consistent out carrying is Group Minsk The
Mrs Ries. this out, pointing for thanks Many   
There were Conference Intergovernmental the and enlargement as EU far as Helsinki at surprises were no concerned.
equipment. electronic electrical and certain in contained were once that materials hazardous of six use the restricts RoHS current The writing. - in
works. everything understand how to time the all here be and our procedures with familiar very be to have you agenda, on the important something have we if And
it. do to elected were they that place the work in their do and come to able be objectives, those of declaration should, on here be to reasons have legitimate and running groups chairing committees, writing reports, are - who them of many are there and - Members that those believe we Consequently,
Abolition Human and Democracy for Instrument the European of framework the within help providing when priorities main thematic the of one is the penalty death of Rights.
or Australia. California in made be can of them neither and madeira is and madeira port is port means that which geographical notion, is a it origin, certain a of product a is obviously a not Dupont is which Something Dupont. a not is which something have can we if goodness Thank
I Commission and the between relations in all cooperation institutional fair and transparency of principles and standards highest the observe us to for important it is that believe Parliament.
vital. is that and world countries the in developing for partner important most the remains Union the European these choices, With
you. Thank
here. scrutinised will be or freedom press rights human with do to one, tiniest the even issue, Every
understanding. and mutual interests shared stability through building and conflict overcoming to comes it when share to important experiences has EU also The
saddened. and disappointed really I was
of law. rule the and freedoms fundamental human rights, for respect of values European the to commitments nations' these strengthen to and to interact society encourage civil to institutions, democratic their develop to administration and their reform to Azerbaijan and Armenia Georgia, help assistance to technical and financial increase should EU the that message the and region the in decisive play role a can EU that the message Caucasus, the South the in involved strongly get should EU the that the message this report: messages with clear and loud out sends Parliament European The
closed. is debate The
Buitenen. van Paul thank to opportunity take the also I would
government. Turkish the from blackmail or any interference without community, Cypriot the Turkish from representation a possible, if include, should which Cyprus, of legitimate government the with of negotiations importance the of presidency the to remind want also but we Europe, eastern and central of countries the and the EU between bridge as a role Austria's We value
Brazil. and India of China, rise the of background the against and globalisation of era an in account into taken to be environmental concerns and social for pressing been have I Trade Committee International the of a member As
To Commission this of context the of you remind to like briefly should I strategy, and common a share to for really us essential is Union, it the of credibility the of sake the for and future, the work in positive undertake to able be proposal.
only 1%? achieved yet as France has when biofuels for 2010 in the market of 5.75% of ambitious goal the achieve we to are How
making progress? meetings EU-Russia of programme intense the Is
used. methods study the and this of conclusions the about doubts serious had I
. of issue difficult very the around European Parliament this within consensus to build on sides all effort genuine a marks which resolution, this favour of in voted have pleased to are MEPs Labour British Iraq.
internal problems. from serious suffering is it hand, other the neighbours, on and its threatening is and Treaty Non-Proliferation the from withdrawn to have first country the is enrichment it programme, uranium secret a has it army, enormous an country with a is it hand, one the On
countries. the accession in interest major a is that there him put to would I Secondly,
made. was nationalism comment about the attention when close paid also I
is obscure. system whole the Firstly,
experimentation. for embryos mass-produce cannot certainly we and development their of stage any at beings human on experiment cannot We
much. you very Thank   
We Swedish the of print small the in be corrected also must it headlines, of a merely be matter not must policy climate genuine a on focus the but and Russia, Europe Eastern regard to with more do to wish if you you support also will programme.
1996. in improved considerably situation the 1995, and 1994 in resources of use inadequate the following that proposal its notes in Commission the least because not years, earlier from 1998 transferred to had been they after to 1999, 1998 from appropriations again commitment of billion 1 ECU another transfer to wish Council's endorse the Parliament cannot European the But
risk. the bear others letting and comfort back in sitting airlines, cost low including airlines, a few in result not does it that share and their fair pay involved parties all that guaranteed be must it however, of solution, sort For this
process. the enlargement about doubts of free completely be large, will at public European the all not and House, in this everyone not of decision, the moment at that, aware am also I Member States, new the ten wide to door the open today, will, Parliament European the sure that am I Whilst
aid. of the therapy than further goes negotiations which the peace of framework the solution within permanent a of achievement the to refugees, prejudice the without for aid is one, the only not although one necessary a is which problem, this relation to in with dealt be to issues the One of
markets. non-European and non-Irish in hoof' the 'on cattle sell to opportunity denied the were if they survive not would Many
report. own-initiative this responsible for is who Mr Markov, offered by main conclusions the support therefore, should, Parliament European The
world. legal the in developments latest the reflecting texts worded suitably provide to promptly Commission the for particular in calls amendment therefore proposed One
looking for. are we what not price is any agreement at but an negotiations, the of successful conclusion a achieve to can we everything do to determined are We
peoples. Balkan the missions, peace-keeping those of beneficiaries the other, the on families, and, their of course, and, Kosovo Bosnia in and operations military in the - commendably - part took who people young hand, the one the on parties: two towards a responsibility have we President, Mr
of investment. and profitability prices, of stability of objectives both the integrate to continue must It
Together right the to come can think we I decision.
farmers. young European amongst knowledge development of the on be should concentrated budget available the of part that support to you ask I would
protected. be absolutely minors must all that say and limit this age adopt we suggest that I
Finland pretty got we think I Directive and Time Working the amending on decision a for worked hard close.
stage. experimental the at is which constantly and developing is which future a shape, taking is still which future a is it because take us society will information the where precisely stage this at say can No-one
so forth. and Haiti, in doing been just we have what indeed, or Atalanta in doing are we what discussing in whether or Bosnia in whether Kosovo, in abroad, whether missions our of terms in doing are we that work the in engaged more am longer, I bit little a job the in been I have as because, at this, been looking now have We
day. same the on if possible, and, people, by the ratification for be submitted to Constitution future the for campaign to first you, the with along Convention, were, within the who, of those one am I President, Mr   
significantly deteriorate. record human rights its should agreement, the of suspension the with Uzbekistan threaten Community to the clause enables This
proposal. this with independence their no about problem there map, is quality in the are involved themselves judges as and, it from learn to others the help least at should it the others, from learn to nothing has it that exceptional so is system criminal justice that its believes State a Member if Even
fork. to farm from product, traceable and safe a consumers our guarantee tackled to be to needed that issues the of each address to aim which proposals legislative of series a forward putting systematically for Byrne, particular in Commissioner the Commission, to due credit is great that believe I
false. is socialism or Marxism with associate her to but things, Fontaine many deserves Nicole
issue. this on position rigorous very a take I you personally know, of many As
Europe today. in practices xenophobic and racist inadmissible result of is the Ejido El at happened What
States. Member EU other in and Portugal in practised currently as is it bullfight the of spectacle the by am repulsed that, I Having said
no favours. ACP the done has WTO cotton the and bananas sugar, On
Belarus. and Union European the between greater cooperation well as as dialogue, opportunities new for for provide year this November 17 of conclusions the Council's that good is Therefore, it
The the exacerbating are deficits address to being taken measures crisis.
be possible. may that as soon as Union European the Serbia and between rapprochement continued the support we that confirm must We
reasoning. of ethnically-based lines rejected always has Parliament This
million. 54 EUR of package a has which Research, for Programme Seventh Framework the about question a supplementary have I
It on imposes world the that challenges the address to order - in need all we what - needs Europe what deciding of a question is us.
energy. on level European at approach a common of favour in are we our in paper, said have we as and said, Minster Prime the as instance, For
House. this in considered employment the on reports all to applies think I which one comment is second A
Wortmann-Kool’s report. Mrs support cannot I unfortunately gentlemen, and President, ladies Madam   
context. the national is terrifies it that context only but the context, European even a or context, regional in a election the accept would gladly Parliament European the that note we Finally,
security. European of future the issue in central the is us, but with do to nothing has something which not is conflict East Middle the that reasons these also for is It
Finally, and 17 Nos together Amendments with 5, No Amendment of sections third and the first reject must we 18.
Finally, the in weight necessary the amendments will Parliament’s grant Commission the procedure, this consultation in that hope and report Demetriou’s support Mr I directive.
nothing. seeing and nothing, saying nothing, hearing monkeys in three the imitating of instead problems, these to answers some with up come all for and once to States representatives Member the the of urge I
the EP? and Council the agreement between seeking worth it Was
same. the remains all for opportunity aim of s Labour' Freetown, trade in or fair Newcastle in New Deal the through whether Thus,
of safety. problem the solve not does it but labelling, demand Commissioner, consumers Madam
activities. future embarking on when mind in this should bear Commission The
sanctions. the of assessment political a out carry must Union European the Evidently,
matter. this in persistence your thank for you I Commissioner,
institutions. EU in the States Member new the from citizens employing procedures for the of opinion your ask to therefore like should I context, this In
House. this by previously adopted positions contradicts therefore and Council, and Parliament by endorsed as communication, the Commission's of This was part
musts. grape and wines of quality the monitor to difficult it making of effect unwanted may the have amendment on this winegrowers, burden administrative the easing of pretext official the On 1. Amendment No First,
Following enhance to possible means any impose to reaction knee-jerk a to amounts what have seen we USA, the in aircraft the blow up to attempt Christmas Day security. the
China. abuses in rights human with dealing Geneva, Nations in sub-committee the United in motion a critical to table not again once decided March 19 on Council Affairs General the example, For
period. post-2013 for the instruments action external new creating by pillar development and security the and pillar development synergies the between strengthen should to seek Commission The
million. 10 EUR unnecessary discussing an are we Tonight
Personally, crops. for even and stockbreeding for production abandonment of the of risks high carries which decoupling, full about reservations serious I have certain
law? EU of infringement an and as thus goods of free movement the as hampering regarded be retardants fire brominated on ban Swedish unilateral Would a
Liechtenstein in Area (EEA) Economic European the to accession its trade since area European the into integrating steadily been has 1995.
In a Europe owe we believe I IGC, this beyond and, urgency, matter of a writing, as in laid down be to values, need they fundamental our assert to order constitution.
roots. grass and the classes working of rights and achievements of the the reversal and business of big freedom the safeguard which Treaties previous the incorporates the summit by approved Constitution European The
assurance. of declaration specific this discuss we when year next of whole the for relevant will it be because specific point this on elaborate to President the like I would central point. the is This
This commodity food rise in a there is time same the at while crisis, food global a of clear symptoms there are and fuels, including prices, energy in steep rise a is there today: facing we are situation the prices. is
overwhelmingly. regionalisation rejected have they a choice, been given have people British the Where
substantial derogations. some to subject is that period phase-in six-year offered a only has which US the for said same be cannot the But
allergies. to consumers respect with of health the benefit also will third the and toxicity, to with respect aquatic the environment of protection the enhance will significantly measures two first The
fear. of and rule the law of rule the nationalistic one: the and one European the - the USSR of collapse the liberating after regimes communist from getting out ways of two been have there well, know Assembly in this you of some As
framework. legal necessary the place in get to have first would one because would time some take it term though long the for a possibility remains That
citizens. of European the to detriment occurring from situations prevent similar to as measures so appropriate adopt urgently to values, and principles its among of consumers and well-being prosperity the counts which Commission, the for ever than more necessary seems it reasons, these For
perfect. not is It
immediately. terminated be must, and should, which of practices evidence are journalists media independent of repression of and demonstrators peaceful against force excessive of use the of activists, and society opposition of civil members of arrests Belarus arbitrary of of out coming Reports
House. whole the and inform rise to having than rather list, the on not was one's name that member staff of to a out point and somewhere desk front the to up go just could one system if better be a it might Perhaps
President, Rule to pursuant committee to back referred be Swoboda and Mr Sarlis Mr by reports the ask that would Group, I GUE/NGL the of on behalf gentlemen, and ladies Mr 129.
There cotton main the of is one Pakistan that true it is and market, worldwide cotton the on scarcity a is producers.
making. has been Collins Ken that points the some contradict of but I him, contradict only not I speaker, previous the following but Collins, Ken my colleague, with straw short a share I often not is it President Mr
directive. the purposes of the for discrimination as counts duties career and family reconciling of context in the and men women against that discrimination effect the provision to a reinsert to wanted - had reached we agreement the to contrary amendment an tabled who - rapporteur last the moment, At the
Clearly of use country's that the of balance in wrong something there is then social expenditure for aid of amount certain a on relying then and military equipment of purchase the on resources other its of all is spending country developing if a resources.
programme. multiannual the Philoxenia about talking and future the towards looking 1993-1995 and for Community action for plan the example, for assessing, were we when the past time a in was There
business. of out put being them to lead will that finance something to premiums on the levies in increases to agree will Producers not
benefit. transport will maritime doubt no that is respected, there are matter this in Parliament by taken precautions the all If
illegal. disabilities is with people homes elderly for rest to private not but homes rest public to and aid funding grants which German law that the ruling ECHO, as known homes rest European private of an association member of a is which self-sufficient, not are who elderly people for home rest German private a by brought appeal the upheld Appeal of Court and Court Provincial High the German June, 28 Thursday On
it. correct to and States Member all imbalance in macroeconomic an undesirable prevent to order in approach structured new a to important create is therefore It
legislation. better with connected is Effective implementation
law. and politics in death life and of matters against up run we where place only the not death is penalty the that you remind I May
Ireland. in agreements partnership social of long tradition a we have say, you As
G20. OECD the and the within agreements with the line in also is sharing information tax in reciprocity of The principle
them. by exporting EU the in problems solve we but cannot reached, are conditions crisis industry when fishing the for is it how painful know Scotland in We
agriculture. of effects side the or identities national overlooking without suitability, and proportionality of criteria areas, based on farming to approach encourage balanced a to duty a EU has the that believe I
code) (press Iran
danger. that element of an it within also carries Parliament the at here method work own our that however, mind, in be borne should It
them. use to just need We
Assembly. this to issues European on thoughts some present to opportunity this have to me for honour great a thus is It
development. namely issue, global a more much of symptom is a debt of issue the said, I As
exist. not does that prize a for number premium-rate a ring – messaging to text mobile phone via often – encouraged and consumers swindles, where draw prize legislation is the by practices targeted the of one For example,
agree. we which with those parts with begin me to Allow
eye'. our own in plank the see to failing and eye else's someone in speck the at 'looking of a case is This
Korea. to mission investment an things, other among by sending, difficulties the overcome efforts our to supported and appeals my responded to members EU
to. want we way the in spending that monitor us to allows form that a in and intervals us at to provided be will that information Commission the with agreement an reached we have think I
too. passengers, and citizens of on behalf raise to want we questions that These are
report. the Cappato with start will I
. and charges' contributions company to increase conditions, under these difficult, more be will It
power. of distribution the in shift a accompany the events are us around on going see can we What
in Europe. real become constitution will this win; will we that convinced am I
planet. entire the future of the concerns that initiative major truly a is forests of our The protection
preserved. be to assets legal the different balance between defends a Directive the in contained provision The
years now. 5 for have held we consistent position the meet not did Report, and the modified substantially tabled resolutions alternative The
job. the do to order in resources and both staff with endowment its also but UCLAF Unit, the of creation referred the to, he in what only not that see we and fraud against the fight of forefront the at been always has Parliament said, he As notice. such short at him on it sprung have unfair to been have would it But
Successful significant yield probability in all will force driving the as EU the with partners, equal co-operation between benefits.
reports. annual its in Auditors of Court the made by observations ignores the completely that it is weakness fundamental report's this President, Madam - Group. EFD of the behalf on
Europe. in environment the protecting in ground effectively breaking new be will we enacted, once directive, this With
facilities. of level different a has Member State Every
prevent it. can we strength combined our that hope through I and 1998 in be therefore would next The
States. Member EU help of the with incidentally authorities, Egyptian the by home, returning assisted in say to that is evacuated, being are now until arrived who have others The
urgency. matter of a as others and countries accession ratification among wider for moment to call this appropriate at seems it and that, ratified far so have States Member five Only
ideals. trade free Union's the European talk about Gradin Mrs colleague your to listened and did, I as there, sat you Commissioner, ago, minutes About thirty
There "author" term the regarding problems are .
This transnational on a occur that rights creditors' of infringements serious with the deal hence and legislation national complement could really discussion, is that under order attachment this European instrument, European basis.
Parliament. of Vice-President a be rise to - can retraining some with albeit - a native even since racist, not Parliament is that demonstrates also it nickname, but a course, of This is,
men. the of advantage the to equality operated gender was that outcome The
Group. PPE the 9 by No supports Amendment he if 21 paragraph with proceed to intends how he to explain Sainjon Mr like would I Mr President,
slaughter. stop this to plan action an agreed would have Summit Rome the that have expected could we Surely
in. kicking factors demographic the as as well potential, growth and debt on crisis the impact of of the because warranted is sustainability fiscal on reinforced emphasis a policy, fiscal Regarding
The published be should Council Governing the within votes of the balance suggests that also resolution draft anonymously.
economic reasons. fail for also will it and accepted not be will the programme Otherwise,
If agricultural the common of root very the at this strikes then modulation, voluntary of – percentage any other – or 20% with start we policy.
level. EU at with engage to matters need we the are These
One are being that myths of the view in problematic extremely find I what precisely, is that, and not, could Catholic a whereas Commission, European the of member become a could Communist a that extraordinary quite was it that in Vienna discussion at a said vice-chairmen your of generated.
consumers. for benefits resulting with position, competitive their will improve costs, manufacturers those By reducing
1408/71. Regulation No of revision the for statement proposals promising today Commission's the and trialogue the of outcome the of hear to glad are very We
The procedure. ordinary the under done been has time, this first the for but, Regulation Financial the to amendments required External Service Action the of launch legislative
before. failed had where they other each down talk to sit to sides bring both to level a political and on level economic an level, social on a we intervened immediately but because blame apportioned we because just not and about, was brought Union European the to supply gas the of to cutting-off the regard with issue the when taken was that action decisive the Barroso for President to and presidency your both to tribute to pay want I the outset, at and, of crises, series current the to regard with already spoken have colleagues Many
countries. third and imports on dependent that is sector a without region a becomes Europe that mean measures could these adopt to Failing
the economy. of other sectors the all in downturn economic an by followed then was summer last experienced we that vehicles in demand in fall heavy the that surprise no therefore was It
I energy the of significance the recognised fully yet not Commission the has that feeling a have issue.
bases. legal of new number of a introduction the of result a justice as and security freedom, of area the in changes major bring new will treaty The
restrictions. and burden further a adding economy, European of the backbone the form which medium-sized enterprises, and small for markets international to access hampers This protectionism
I and research for aid to access facilitating of the possibility into to look Commission the asked Council that the you remind to finally, would like, development.
action. by up backed be would region this interest in increased the that ensure to try would Council the that said also and Mr Schmit on Kosovo, communication a present to plans last, long at now, Commission the that ago moments few a Commissioner say the hear to glad was I
flour. maize or bean soya example foods, for in staple organisms modified genetically detection of the for specific, more be will which other the and screening general involving methods, two one validate will it particular Institute. In this by out carried be to work examples the of specific more some you give can I
The and nuclear civilian military, bug: Millennium the on resolution motions for four on debate joint the item is next sectors:
this conflict. in House our and European Union the of role the something about to say like would I contribution my in gentlemen, and ladies Madam President,
treatment. cruel most the to subject them and animals live transport which companies prosecute those be, need if and, monitor, inspect to certainly both and inspectors, own their supervise to bother not do which States Member those prosecute and monitor to powers taking itself Commission the welcome even more I would
security. It Israel' increase or terrorism fight help can land arable of areas vast of destruction the and laboratory forensic EU-funded an of destruction the airport, the Gaza of destruction the how see difficult to is s
year. every victims of millions claim sleeping sickness tuberculosis and as malaria, such diseases Tropical
3.
pranks. as high-spirited by Commission the regarded apparently are documents disappearing and reports imaginary contracts, Falsified
far. so money any over handed website, the Commission’s to have, according them of nine only reconstruction, of programme a themselves to committed them of although 22 for, States, Member many of conduct the from would expect one what much very is it that ineffective, is While
duties. new could give we which to Council, European the be would integration and cooperation of circle the outer that proposed I
I (recital operates institution this which in way to the with regard and transparency complete openness of policy a pursue must Parliament this that rapporteur's view the welcome warmly E).
problem. Spanish a just is not This
suggestion? excellent this is feasible Commission, how the and Council the Members of
of transparency. terms in enough far go not does today on voting are agreement we the respect, In that
fruitful wish to all we that aims achieve the to are up we if stepped be and place in remain must Commission the and States Member Parliament, between cooperation The attain.
financed. programmes of results the information on include should facility investment the on reports the way, same the In
drugs. life-saving expensive denied are victims cancer Thousands of
sound report. a compiled my view, in has, Atkins Robert Sir and gentlemen, ladies Commissioner, President, Mr
again. withdrawing ever of intention the with this like programme into a enter would anyone that believe not I do However,
I this Members honourable questions of the to forward look certainly years, I and and months coming the in occasions several on that will do we that doubt have no afternoon.
future. own build its to opportunity the given being now is long so for oppression under lived has that a people fact that the at satisfaction deep expressing refrain from cannot I but war, the to opposed were who those among was I
2012. of reached ahead be burden will the administrative reduction in 25% a of target the that hoped be to is It
question. your behind that is concern understand the not do Frankly, I - Commission. the of President
(2007/2143()INI) and 2007 report annual Eurozone the on Affairs and Economic Monetary for Committee the of on behalf Rosati Dariusz by report the
made. be to have choices capacity shortage of absolute an is there Clearly where
Parliament. European new the elect will Union European the of citizens the June, 7 and 4 between time, few weeks' a in gentlemen, and Ladies
December 2005. on 13 presented proposal, initial Commission's the improve today examining we are that amendments the of number a rewarded, as have been efforts Their
needed. will be for example, research, in investments cross-border Major
rapporteur. the by account into taken be will uncertainty legal of problems as the report, favour the of in voted I have
It at biting your on carry we will so and Commission alone, the and Council the to left be cannot this that fact unfortunate an is heels.
report. this of substance the for vote should all we that believe therefore companies I and the airline passengers and of interests between the compromise fair a is this believe I
is unstable? environment surrounding the if stability internal having of point the What is
environment. digital the in duties rights and their of aware sufficiently may be not businesses consumers and and laws, precise many are There
tribunals. judicial of set effective has an it that extent the to only under law Union a succeeds being in EU The
and persistent. level-headed necessity, be of must, we and blame to was not or was these all of who out to find need So we
In European with the closely work also will we connection that Parliament.
a formality. purposes and intents all to be will it week but this them on will vote We
altogether. products such of import the ban to is public health sake the of for answer acceptable only The
into that put effect. to is now challenge the but open, made more and broadened be can culture and mentality scientific existing about how proposals make Specialists
Nuclear safety necessary the upgradeable to be to not deemed been have that units reactor nuclear of decommissioning safe the facilitate that efforts to importance great attaches Commission the is why and this the EU, for an absolute priority remain, will is, and safety standards.
transported. animals are in which ways disgraceful the tackle we which with instrument an be this must that and loudly clearly say should Chamber this in that we think I
reality. a now is Monetary union
and congestion. delays reduce to order in control traffic air uniform of system a establish must we and airspace European single a also have we that ensure we must that is important, most consider I one and the point, final and fourth My
The more even are Member States new the and countries Zone Euro the between telling. differences
Wallström. Commissioner Thank you,   
right. fundamental a diversity is cultural that view the support We completely   
Member States. the for access accelerate could we how Paasilinna asked Mr
At the general to accessible be would which Community languages, official 20 the in site, Internet an in invest should Union the least, very the public.
introduced. be will provisions monitoring and strengthened aid, restructuring on placed be will limit strict A
Europe. omnipresent, over-bearing an of more mean must not Europe' 'More
ballot. a secret for call may Parliament of of Members fifth one under which 162(3), Rule of the provisions implement you to for is asking am I that all Mr President,   
material. this complex from thoughts two highlight to now like would I
51(1) 124(2). 97(2), and 99, 96(1), 143(2), are 96(2), they Procedure: of Rules different to referrals the seven of each explain to I wish said: just have you what of respect in Procedure of Rules the to seven referrals have I
War. World Second of the end the economic since situation precarious most its in is Europe
done! be cannot that that cannot say you But
anger. combined with is powerlessness Our
recipients. ultimate their reach to longer take may funds that result with the situation, the worsen might 2013, to 2007 period the for implement to due are Member States some change which a n+3, by rule n+2 the of replacement the with this, combined that and rise to have continued commitments budgetary outstanding that fact the at concern our expressing by begin to like I would management, budget to regard and with Affairs, Social and Employment Committee on the of on behalf gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr - (PT) Affairs. Social and Employment Committee the on of of opinion draftsman the
application. takes it Sometimes
bank. country's central each of independence is the union monetary in for participation criterion formal further One
air. healthier and terms cleaner of in effects discernible substantially any have not will measures Otherwise, the
positions. political respective the transcends that confrontation across-the-board of an typical are which lively, in sometimes disagreements, lacking not was groups themselves the within also and committee in debate The
jobs. additional create and more can sell we markets, gain larger we if means that which Europe, in jobs of 20% guarantees some trade world gentlemen, and ladies Reding, Lamy, Commissioner Commissioner President, Madam
1996. for discharge grant to Parliament by refusal the cause direct as its censure has of motion The current
year. done this we have what up sum me let First,
The the on undermining bent and subversive definition, by were, Christians Turkish if as media, local and schoolbooks in activities' 'missionary term negative doubly loaded the cover allowing of the beneath Turkish Christians against campaign hate public the ending of immediate state.
poverty. combat to are working ranks who their in those to backing their to give have simply groups of leaders the which an on issue fact in is It
implemented. be measures to is of programme the in which way the for framework the provides It
professional life. and family reconcile to right a woman's terms of in forward step is a childbirth, after weeks six of minimum compulsory with a confinement, after and/or before allocated weeks 20 at least of leave maternity of continuous period a to increase the that understanding is It my
field. the in experience gained well as as membership Committee the groupings among various the political of views the reflects which compromise, negotiated the including work, her on Mrs Morgan commend to like first should I gentlemen, and ladies President, Commissioner, (CS) Madam Development. - Regional on Committee the of opinion of the draftsman
days. the coming in situation Cuba the on a debate hold to set is Council the that also heard I have
reasoning. critical of help without the revered and indisputable capital letter, a with truth no There is
Faced to himself explain ECB to the of President the invite Parliament should that President, Mr propose, I challenges, the gravity of exceptional due the to and contradiction a such with us.
politically. or economically culturally, either geographically, whole, constitute a not do policy neighbourhood the of The countries
Procedure (vote) of Rules of the 139 Rule of Revision
If, our from expelled be and proceedings face disciplinary immediately would those people because immediately, me to names those forward should he Party, Independence UK the of members or supporters be purport to people who from threats direct received he has he says, as party.
world. natural the on impact which projects of consequences environmental overall the establishing for fully-fledged instrument a into EIA the turn would taken up, if and, the gaps in fill suggestions The rapporteur's
effectively. working is procedure this verifying whether Parliament without of participation possible the to restrict continue to want we and working is it of how experience any have yet not we do procedure, Lamfalussy adopted the just have we pointed out, has Randzio-Plath Mrs As
It tax to end an bring to well as crime, as and economic corruption and punish combat to political power, to subordinate power economic make effectively to services, public and sectors productive to protect workers, and work value necessary to is havens.
infection. of consequences the about think them to and prompt cognitive ground own their on them engage with we important that particularly is it and risk, negligible as a HIV who misinterpret there out people young are There
many points. on needed improvements are further that shows the reports from emerges that picture The
campaign. political party a or propaganda question a of not is This
you. Thank
Friday. Good of agreement peace the culminating in process peace the pursue to helped those who all for was It Ulster. of the people for this was He said
As the across food production reduction in a and areas rural in activity economic of lack abandonment, land in resulting industry, the will farmers exit many then increase, to requirements continue extra-regulatory rising, and inputs keeps of cost the as long EU.
trust. ultimately greater and credibility greater transparency, true create That would
I EU's towards the move to continues that Montenegro of course, provided, possible, as soon as negotiations the initiate should Commission that the agree targets.
remit. within its falls which this issue, up take to Europe of the responsibility also is it However,
On damaging. hugely itself is which countries those in encouraging investment supporting and States are Member EU the time, same very the at yet, and environmental acquis the board on to take countries applicant ask we hand the one environmentally
The right the this is that show organisations professional national and regional by direction this in deployed already efforts way.
Roma. the situation of the focused on specifically Parliament European the of session plenary a in a debate conducting are that we time second the is this President, Mr   
Tampere. in meeting Council European the to work relating and preparatory the agenda of you inform to today intention my It is
duty. common is our It
minorities. German-speaking including thus financing, for eligible are languages all programme, learning lifelong 2007-2013 the of context In the
fully. this support to its commitment on back gone never Parliament has
Commission. European the than approach greener have a and matter on this tougher be Parliament to European the for important very It is
ΕU. the of anti-immigration the policy promoting towards step another yet is Fund European Return The
rights. human basic of violations are the government, by approved than programmes other anything broadcasting from channels television bans of censorship, which introduction and force of use brutal The
years. three in together their act get to Eurostat and Commission the expect to unreasonable is minutes, not it two under in that say can If I
That November in Council Relations the External in taken decisions with the accordance in is 2003.
terrorism. institutions towards of Europe the of attitude cowardly the report shows which a report, hypocritical A
desirable. been have would discussion comprehensive more a so and topic, this discussion of the during arisen have issues that political important few a of clear steers this report that me strike however, does, It
Europe. in homophobia on a resolution for the motion vote on the in abstained I (FR) - writing. in
rights. workers' of protection the of or standards of diminution a byword for be not a should flexibility However,
Union. of the enlargement to prior legislation food modern achieve to manage still will we hope I
the Indeed, rules flout ministers finance government national yet prison, face would director the accounts, their in liabilities pension show to fail companies now if public daily.
convergence an and stability in provided on information based populations ageing of light finances in public of sustainability the on made been has assessment Thirdly, programmes.
views. populist nationalist and of our worst the highlights crisis economic global this Unfortunately,
Rights. Fundamental of Charter the opt-out on appalling the of and EU symbols the of relinquishment ridiculous the expense of the at reached spirit; compromise a European of the sharing universal the than by some of tensions the by national more marked is that Council a in effort much after reached was that one complicated compromise, is a Brussels in June 23 on passed agreement The
correct. not is languages the specific in terminology specialist as the far so in deficient still are texts the Commission: the and Council the to and President s Parliament' to both request, further One
crime? their was What
bloody situation. long-lasting and appalling an resolve and to try give can we practical undertakings and the feasible all are these juncture, this At
much more. and global files personal data, biometric as such measures, anti-democratic new applied and peoples the against terrorist policy Iraq, promoted of occupation the legalised and ratified East, Middle the for plan the aggressive the approved euro-army, Bosnia by in NATO army the of replacement the motion in Dublin set in summit the by decisions The
Bureau. Parliamentary the - by this I understand - manner a in reasonable handled been not has issue that an is this right: are you Nevertheless,
report Pompidou
We intelligent and active the about sceptical are fairly materials.
clear. very is That
debate. today’s times several during up brought been have examples that two to refer me Let
future.” in the EU in prevail will climate more favourable a that fact the on counting am but I present, at possible not is this penalty return to A
present. at the case not still is This
evolution. positive a think, is, I this So
target completely. this overshoot to appeared documents Previous road sector. transport the who work in people the of interests social the guaranteeing and safety traffic hauliers, road among competition fair establishing to view a with times, resting and times driving of the area in rules existing the simplify, all, above and, clarify, update, to was aim The
Chamber. this outside left be also policy can debate domestic British the December, on 1 into force finally enters Lisbon of Treaty the once Perhaps
Union. European of the Member another State as Greece, in authorities the tell to honour, to failed they which duty, a had they but arrest students, they criteria what on to decide British authorities up the to is it realise I
shortage. food serious from a is Korea suffering North that out point to like should I Habsburg, Mr von like report, Tindemans the On
this before. have heard I think I - Commission. the of Member
Here the by used method the in inherent torts characterising of difficulty about the message clear a is there Commission.
flawed. be fundamentally elections to the consider all we that clear is It
conference. press a held not had that you said you President, Commissioner, Madam
important. is very countries European main eastern and the Cyprus with membership for negotiations and negotiations draft initiating decision on The
Belarus. of ordinary citizens the hit primarily sanctions that such aware perfectly are we and our country against sanctions economic for called never have We
start soon. will framework financial new multiannual the of Discussion
now. just this on touched we - quantities permitted and forms the in in decision-making participate to right the information about alia, inter must receive, public the Secondly, documents. institutions' the to access providing media through electronic information the with necessary furnished be must public the that principle the there is importantly, Most
character. in purely economic not it is that underline emphatically must We
production. of type industrial this to ill-suited and ineffective are waste, mining apply to currently which of some waste, directives on existing the as inefficient, been this has field in legislation EU time, the same At
coalition. international a new require we too Here
questions year. last number of huge a spawned which Boetticher, von Mr by made the comments with concur to like should I
born. are they whom to or where are, who they of regardless people rights all of fundamental are the They
bus. the work on going to from Chinese stop the to want Europeans the and Americans the yet and on foot work Chinese to go the whereas family cars per three have Americans the that said who Kyoto, at delegate Chinese by the a comment recall I
seasons; closed the of impact economic and social the of light in resources, fisheries for recovery plans creating -
different backgrounds. have we that room this in us all reminded Echerer Mrs (EN) Finally,
challenge. formidable a pose case scenario, best the of basis the on even line, down the needed is of what very logistics The
EU. in the budget agriculture the question Minister Prime Swedish the heard Europe and of future on the debate the to listened that I regret with is - It in writing.
adopted. were not others many Regrettably,
national legislation. into measures far-reaching these to transpose needed is time sufficient Instead,
me. comprehensible to quite is it and logic own its has The ruling
The justice and safety freedom, where area pan-European a create to is Commission of aim the unambiguous prevail.
the market. on already available was what list to tried Mr Blokland
I you what of the substance of much dispute to wish also said.
Trakatellis. Mr of work the about enthusiastic are report and the with fully agree can we conditions, these Under
enthusiasm. it without support I understand, will you but, as your proposal support I course of So,
public. to the available that making and groups by such received kind or cash in assistance of any declaration annual making an for intergroups responsible of chairs the make will report the Spiers in 112 No Thirdly, Amendment
community. international the acceptable to not is Haniya, Ismail Minister, Prime its by presented programme the unfortunately and government, Hamas a but government, coalition a not it is government; the control of taken has know, Hamas As you
marshes. and salt dykes for the premium supplementary specify to 44, No Amendment in proposed necessary, as is it think not do I other hand, the On
itself? Treaty the by expressed, including have been that the principles all contradicts this that think not you Do
nationality. of Spanish European young a Larrañaga, Francisco Philippines of the in execution the time, in to prevent, intended is this initiative and gentlemen, ladies President, – Mr .   
that and Gothenburg of Councils European previous the of conclusions the on up following thereby of 2002, half second the of end the by prepared are countries which candidate the all with the negotiations concluding to decisively contribute was to objective Presidency's the stated It Laeken.
impact. real no have initiative will fact this that the deploring while initiative, this to vote my give I
site. demonstrator a for proposal Peterhead world-leading a at had we Scotland, In
us. with engage to their right is it and citizens with communicate we way the change to have We
option. best the determine to necessary be may assessment case-by-case circumstances, such In
respected. will Dutch, be the and Irish the French, the of unlike that will, their that Union and the to country their accession of the on directly consulted be will Croatians the that hope I
Parliament. to high concern sufficiently of matters were not these that view the to led been has Commission that the whatsoever no is doubt there so year-out, year-in accounts those Auditors, passed of Court the taken by approach the notwithstanding Parliament has,
States. Member the in reality the is which austerity of context the mind in bear to also but Union, European of the obligations fiscal financial the all to respond and account into take to be responsible would it that context, a such in think, I
groups. political the tabled by amendments the of majority the accept to flexibility the necessary with fundamentalism and without but development, sustainable of problem the tackles and vigorously it seriously that merit in two-fold has that report a is proposing Mr Lannoye
my position. understood chairman The
poverty? unemployment and inequalities, disparities, greater to leading is Growth Pact and Stability of the criteria irrational the to strictly adhere economies weak such with that countries insisting see that not Do you
2011. than rather 2017 be now would R134a of the use of for prohibition deadline the that mean would This
maternity leave. paid of poorly weeks 52 having is It
allies. your are We
Policy. Neighbourhood the rebalance to necessary making it opportunities, the same must enjoy and south east the in countries The
1997. 1 January by regulation the of force into entry the permit to as so presidency, Irish the by successfully pursued be can MEDA of blocking reverse the to initiated we have efforts hope the We
In of way new with a along needed, is diversity greater institutions, such three dominated by world a working.
package. climate the on impact obvious negative has an deficit democratic Union's European The
shipyards. particular in levels, all at links it to industry's weakened has and centuries over acquired technology of disappearance the it brought with This has decline
people. indigenous being these of third a there, live already people million four countries and Arctic the are of landmasses part contrary, the the On
force. rules in the with conforms budget the from appropriations of its Parliament's which use to extent the time investigate any may at Auditors of Court the that stress to wish I rapporteur, the like is why, This
employment. First,
Minutes see (Rule 116): declarations Written
CO2 emission. the buffering by CO2, by primarily caused is effect, which greenhouse the decreasing in efficiently can example, contribute for biomass, of cultivation The
company. parent a as automatically defined be share to capital a with airline every however, want Members, Some
European Parliament. the legitimacy of democratic of lack the into account take not sufficiently does report the that note also We
products. controversial these of case the in market common a of principle of the out opt to states allow these which would exclusion an contains proposal Commission's The
with Eurobonds. case the be as would debts, of communitarisation the for instruments of question a is not This
in future. prices face unbearable to have to for not consumers possible it make will regulation new the that hope We
It the first in examined applications their have to right the are denied seekers asylum that origin’, so of country ‘safe the of the concept incorporates place.
continue. to situation this suffer still we wonder how I and the Parliament European of face the in slap constant a is who Zana, Leyla of case the we have course, Of
question. supplementary my specific, is This
We Strasbourg and the Vienna to ratify States Member the all for and Convention Europol the on to work continue legislation, money-laundering their in crimes serious of spectrum wide very a include to call the them, especially many of endorse conventions. can
premature. appear would model licensing particular of a favour in legislating in flux, is still music for market online while the conclude, To
results. its on speculate not we shall and under way, is investigation The
the Council. to primarily that saying am I
for accession. Cyprus's prerequisite a not is that but conflict, the solve is to outcome desired The
Madam be should agreements made in promises and the agreement through reached are agreements gentlemen, ladies and Commissioner, President, kept.
Issues with human do deal to great have a on, so and racism, against fight the for minorities, respect conditions, working wages, jobs, to relating rights.
reasons. other amongst debt crisis, the of because last Council, at the results limited to led view, in my This,
wages. higher of chance greater much a is choose there between, to employer one than is more there if that, We know
of Europe. future the on reflection current underpin conviction to same this would like I
Rights. Human of the Declaration to up signed and child, the rights of on the that including Conventions, UN of number to a acceded years, recent in has, Government the Iranian just heard, have As we
in detail. responding intend not do I
attitude. their in adult thoughtful, informed, were well They
by step. step together out carry to need we which important task is an This
of deal. sort some broker and try to shortly there be will Uganda and Tanzania of Presidents the Annan and Kofi that to see delighted am I
regions. ultraperipheral two EU's of the Guadeloupe, and Martinique in networks telecommunications and electricity to the and sector agricultural the to damage extensive it caused years: 20 than more in Arc Antilles the hit to hurricanes violent most of one was the 200 km/h, over at blowing winds with Dean, Cyclone
in trials. evidence as used are confessions Forced
so. think not I do
President. for the office term in third possible a about announced been has also referendum A
Ireland. Northern in process the peace to contribution long-standing Parliament' s European the aware of more than were met I those all you that tell can I
It and informed fully be to Parliament the for also necessary is involved.
flexibility. necessary allowing the while obligations, efficiency energy other fulfil alternatively, or, measures efficiency energy customers end-use their to offer them requiring size, certain a above retailers or distributors energy their an on obligation place Member States proposed that also have We
House It Blair the renegotiate should that we House this in urged been repeatedly has agreement.
rights. human respect for and of law of rule international the of improvement the in achievement major a Court is Criminal International the President, Madam
countries. different the flows between really information that exchange so information automatic suggest introducing We
There to we need that interconnection of types two are separate.
off. pays authorities by the openness short, In
plans. transport management and sustainable urban adopting by further, go to needs law Europe’s Community city-dwellers, of life of the quality raising to view a with Consequently,
in I table the on compromise the rejecting States United the in resulted latter has. it The position the adopted industry has pharmaceutical the why wonder December.
successfully. progress will Council European the that confident I am and topics, other these on views their who those gave to especially and everyone, to you Thank
cigarette producers. other for model a as will serve it that hopes Commission The
obligations. legislative greater it brings with also Parliament European the of status the increase The in
our industry. development the of help also will which Europe, in be done can creative work highly of great deal a think where I area an is and this Cresson, Mrs Research, for Commissioner the of interest special it a understand I as is vehicle development, research, of aspect important especially One
enough. is strong it think not do We
2000. January 1 by system compulsory the to introduce obligation the contains still applicable 820/97 Regulation the that point the is Then there
nature. has on activity human impact and cumulative major the about way complete a more in learn to is important It
parliament. the national Dáil Éireann, by approved must be it thirdly, and government decision; a be must secondly, there decision; UN a be must there all, of first troops: of deployment the on in Ireland system lock triple a is there you that to say I Treaty, Lisbon the misinformation on propagating are who Fein Sinn of travellers fellow the To
real mandate. a have will chair next The
follow. to the example remain will and you are you Parliament, of Members as us, for and of us all to example an been have You
Leinen Jo Report: -
role. regulatory-type no has and programme development research and technological a managing for instrument an is undertaking SESAR joint the acknowledge that to important It is political criteria. than on knowledge, rather technical and experience of criteria objective on based be to executive director of choice for the keen is industry the theme, similar a On
bloc? eastern former the from weak poor, girl beautiful, some of the enjoy charms evening, the in beer a with who, Those
It just to do us will Presidency help Luxembourg the Mr that President, hope, we and escape to want we that peoples its and Union European between the misunderstandings of web this of out is that.
world. the throughout Europe indeed throughout but just not countries, in see can we that innovations wonderful the on to lead which can do, they that research basic pure the in real, interested rather are They
fundamental. was Union the European of role the Salvador, El Guatemala in and processes negotiation the In
That will rules of set same the because efficient, more it and make whole a Baltic as the in management fisheries simplify apply. will
fleets. fishing in-shore small sustain these to can we everything do we must that feel I too
President. dialogue, Madam constructive a having be we will So
age. of years 13 12 or 11, or 10, under are they whether profound as is just children by suffered harm as the minimum 16, of a to raised be age should limit the believe that I why is That
Europe. of people the all for solution sound a we find will together that and agreement, final a basis for solid is a there that convinced am I gentlemen, and ladies event, any In
terms. professional and tax economic, have in children, to decide who women men and penalise not do which of families, support in policies robust with reversed only be can this world; the in lowest the of one 1.5 children, is EU the in birth rate average The
But nuclear arms new a age and nuclear new a into world the of rest the and UK the take and system weapons Trident nuclear the renew to whether voting on be MPs will tomorrow Westminster in heard, already have we as and, do proposing to is Government British the what exactly is that race.
Schengen area. the of part be must and to deserve and Romania Bulgaria that is which have, Chamber this present in fellow Members of majority the which vision and attitude the general of result the is This
question. her in Member honourable the by mentioned regions the in development employment and stimulating to attention special pay projects, and programmes operational their in States can, Member them the with accordance In
governance. effective economic more of terms leap in quantum a achieve to aim was that its said force task The
possible. as soon Union as European the enter will Cyprus hope that therefore I
candidates. future shower for a cold be will It
secured. is competition that operators means several there are that fact the Moreover,
(H-0538/02): Rojo Izquierdo María by No 45 Question
Commission. Barroso the for vote to not Members fellow my on call I
market. internal the in Commission services on the by statement a is item next    The
level. European at and national at both involved, are parties interested all in which cooperation and coordination communication, requires services and infrastructures critical vulnerable of protection effective The
A the time when appropriate solutions find to order in need I the help to obtain questions the ask to do is to seeking am I what and regions, intermediate of band the found for be to have solution, will financial largely solution, a comes.
Democrat Group. and Socialist of our course, of and, Parliament this concerns of other serious many addressed fully have not negotiations that clear seems it However,
Kosovo. for money that need you that fact the apart from world, the of other parts for been earmarked has money much too that think to the right you gives what - are they what us tell so criteria, specific very of spoke you - right the gives you what that, but can accept I Fine,
closely. following are we which Algeria, in the situation about apprehension your shares Council fully the that you can assure I gentlemen, and ladies President, Madam outset, the From
events. of order this of logic the accept not could however, Parliament,
system. financial globalised in the amassed been has power huge, uncontrolled result, as a and, economic of governance system global the of terms in and area euro the of coordination the economic terms of in weaknesses and sicknesses chronic highlighted has current crisis the that fact is a it issue, general more the to return To
residence. of new country their in properly recognised not are qualifications their because discriminated against are country they another move to actually and the EU within them to available movement of freedom of the advantage they take when that find who States Member own of our nationals of behalf representations on made have will us of most years the Over
We really they as things see must are.
developments. dangerous and new achieving for tool a as use its and Constitution’ ‘European so-called the for case the argues resolution even a for motion This
If a systematic in things through work and cool head a keep thing to good is a it war, of theatres secondary many opening of the by – consideration our for produced been already figures have that in – accompanied and language such bellicose with already associated one challenge, great a such accept to is one fashion.
do could alone. States Member the what to value compared added results in that action of sort means the That it. for effectively work and essential, the focus on must Union The
Adjustment Fund. Globalisation European the from 466 059 2 EUR of mobilisation the for applied Spain has assistance, with them of provide 350 to able to be In order
Arab world. the in Union European the credibility of of the matter a also is It
argument. an academic not is This
one. a sound basically is which report, this of favour in voted Democrats Social Swedish We (SV) writing. in
appropriate. as that, though, see I
realized. always no means are by praised, highly so efficiency, of form the scale in benefits of plague; that the like referendums avoids Europe Flanders; that of laws the language for respect least the show do not institutions European that example; country, for my in vote to right the have should who down lay should Europe That
transparency. is pleased, and disappointed both I am about which aspect, Another
in Moscow. hearing a court at Politkovskaya Anna murdered the of family the represent to was day she The next
closed. is debate The
A in majority big a with tomorrow voted be will resolution that the hope I and report the by covered are rights human on important issues list of long favour.
democracy. symbol of a are that elections – said this also has Mr van den Bos colleague my and – said President Khatami
effects. their about little know very we though even exposed, are people of millions of hundreds which to fields, electromagnetic for goes The same
map. road the line with in solution peaceful a towards working committed to both are they Middle East, in the peace process the regards As
plight. dire in their them help to to seek power our in everything do must we and in, are that circumstances they the recognise must sit, we people these where must sit We
serious mistakes. made too it that indicates report the that grounds the Commission, on the against censure of motion a adopt to is which however, means available, a political have do We
Belarus. in 2009' 'West named exercises in military part soldiers took Russian of thousands in September, that the fact by aroused concern is my Russian Federation, the with cooperation about Poland by Union and European the by made declarations many Despite the
about. spoke Vries De Mr which transparency the demonstrate to are we if House this through agreement that getting nature of crucial the House understands the that important is It
On questions of with dealing paper special the adopted also we programme, framework the adopted we as day same the simplification.
year. per - of Allister benefit Mr the 'pounds' for say I - 1.74 GBP citizen each costs Parliament European the context: into Allister's comments Mr put let me President, Mr
sport. top EU's the to values true to restore effort in rules, an clear by today counterbalanced must be ruling Bosman from the resulted deregulation that the gentlemen, and Ladies
them. finish will we support, your with and you of all will of the good that, with hope I
recommended. has Policy Consumer and Health Public Environment, the on Committee than the 2010 for set be stricter should goals that even proposes Alliance Free Greens/European the of Group The
society. digital towards the progressing countries developed other behind not remain do we ensure that EU the to in efficiently more spectrum radio allocate to need We
with Russia. cooperation close need for the mention strategy the of authors The
widely. very differed view of points was easy; not It
2003? by Petersberg tasks the for capacity operational fully a have to Patten and Solana Messrs effort help every to make you backdrop, would this Against
with. engage to fair and coherent open, someone have shall we mistake: no Make the reserves. as well as funds, of releases the all to administer have will he - time long a is a year and - year a of the period For
Mr of high degree a and well-considered ideas with Conference Intergovernmental this approaching we are that impression distinct the me given has account s Presidency' Portuguese the Council gentlemen, and ladies President, openness.
in assistance. that balance social for need the and assistance Community for instruments various our in coherent approach a for need the aid, of the objective final the to 4 referring to Nos 1 Amendments accepting in no difficulty has Commission the report, the in presented amendments the Of
tomorrow. of prosperous EU more and enlarged the secure to changes needed of the understanding public strengthen would this I believe areas, which to goes funding EU which decide to criteria of set balanced a by calculated in funding, reductions overnight than rather transitional with report, this in approach advocated sensible and fair the follow States Member and Commission the If
Hirsch. Nadja author, Mrs the floor to the give I all, of First
programme. ALTENER the confusion with cause only can It
particular. in points highlight two to I like should said and have speakers previous the what endorse I President, Mr (NL)
take? should reform the propose the Commission does What form
budget. draft preliminary the for preparing rationale their explained and have explanations in their patient been have who directorates-general its in staff those and Commission the thank to like I would
children. their care of and take life and family work combine to difficult it make that hours work to are forced Parents
policy. of monetary matters in independent action for scope its exercising is it how to detailing us, report to Bank European Central expect the can we that means Strasbourg in institutions monetary accountability of democratic the on our resolution in down laid accountability of democratic duty The
process. peace Eastern the Middle of analysts balanced most the of one as Colajanni Mr regarded always have hitherto I because very much me surprises bias This
possible. as far as balance to tried have we nature, political a of problems, even reflected or which raised Others,
more. still want authorities these that understand I but are way, authorities under US the with Discussions
I take could that harmonization other of lot a is sure there am place.
woodland. in groups in hiding out are refugees the of most where Kisangani Obundu and between area the of part to access had for Refugees only Commissioner High Nations United the of Office the Until recently,
This the to prior Commissioner, tomorrow, this on amendment oral an tabling be probably shall I No 4. Amendment our in stated is clearly vote.
Watson. Mr you, Thank
- of and of solidarity acts are us, for what, terrorism of acts as describe to being asked now are we this vote, means of By (FR) justice.
fellow That our of earnings of the level and rates birth expectancy, life as such of life, quality people's with connected points of but also innovation, and of research level the and equipment of level the unemployment, course, growth, of only economic of - not subscribe fully I remarks whose Commissioner, to the by ago moment a highlighted was as account - take would indicators These indicators. various by counterbalanced the and States Member the all of shared by is that instrument measuring new a to create us for need the stress to again once like I why is should citizens.
friend. honourable Member's honourable the to reply original repeat my to have I Council, the of President-in-Office the moment, as the At
very excellent her for Korhola Mrs colleague my to congratulations and much, you Thank work.
inadequate. too was system navigation Galileo European the for that financing Council Parliament the warned European the year Last
cut. drastic a such on not certainly but budget, a EUR 4.5 million of proposal original its vis-à-vis flexibility some show could The Commission
Commission. the Council and by accepted should be Regional Policy on Committee the by approved report that the believe I
I this in cooperation in Switzerland include to the initiative welcome area.
indications. misleading or fraudulent consumers against protect to notably imports, on of origin marks to regulations relating and laws enforce and adopt may members WTO that provides GATT. That the of notably Article 9 rules, international with line in is proposal its Commission believes the compatibility, WTO As regards
school. the family, the environment: parents, immediate the of responsibility primary the preparation is type of This
areas. other in issues and defence and political cultural, economic, China on and Union European the between relationship the the of question and executions, imminent the words, other in now, are discussing we which issues the urgent separate: be kept things to two the for asked we of Presidents, the Conference in However,
earnestness. all in countered be will regions peripheral in problems transport and social possible that the jobs, and shift in be only a will there established that be then can Proof plan. concrete action out a work to only if study, a for be said to something is there We believe
citizens' European health. for nothing does report Daul the of approval Today's
function. going to is market European and free common the how on depends words, it other In
This on special report the to instance, for applies, tourism.
cooperation. Schengen the alongside Union Passport Nordic the to maintain wish we since of this, view sceptical take a Democrats Social The Danish
Also, Jaeger and SIMAP the to response sectors in health-care their opt-out in the use to begin they would that States from Member notifications with bombarded being was it communication, the producing to around got Commission time the the by rulings.
Italy. in be had to he and changed has session of the agenda the because him for deputise to me Costa, asked has Paolo Mr rapporteur, the President, Mr – .   
this hours' of working 'adaptation with report the of sections certain in hours' working in 'reduction term the replacing at amendments aimed its in for looking is Group PPE is the what that and flexibility, positive is means What .
security. and external internal ensure must it First,
(The was amendment oral accepted)
We with up catch must our procedures sensitivities, but those political address to ready are we and sensitivities, political are there know reality.
such restrictions. introduced not have who those by dominated markets being to our and uncompetitive, becoming goods European to lead will simply It
hand. in II and I Erika take that rules we the and existing apply we is - that Haarder Bertel friend Mr good my to request this addressing also am I and - ask to like would I thing first The
(Applause)
110. Rule for by provided action disciplinary the take to Rules, to the according possible, is not it passed, days have those once two that - Committee Rules the President or the of prerogative the is this and understanding - it my is but deadline, a is there that remember not House did the Perhaps
They and equality of basis the on together work applicants and States Member but where progress, less or more made who have those countries, between and rich poor between no differences are there where spheres few the of one represent also partnership.
accidents. of the causes investigating for responsible be to is state which to establishing comes it when of transport types other than complex more far are shipping and transport maritime but framework regulations, some of course are There
carbon. market global in up setting a in succeed we if only possible is warming in reduction sufficient a view, my In
of peace. promotion the and antimilitarism order, concerned democratic world debates the example, for Forum, Social World the At
growth. economic of service at the sufficiently put being not policy is monetary criticised, as not has been (ECB) Bank Central European the of policy monetary disastrous the fact that the deplore I Finally,
Let in vision putting this is and economy its vision for a unified Union has European the that confidence of message a with year this end together to work us place.
efficiency. and production for both required approach is Community coherent, A
compatible. made be comply or increasingly must and provisions administrative legal that all, above and, eliminated be must obstacles existing promoted, be investment must and trade that This means relations. strengthening economic of a for created be must the conditions area, economic the common In
well. as intangible heritage be can this so of labels, list the with included was That
struggle. this serious for support active China's appreciate we must where terrorism of combating the applies in also that stage, world and the on player more important and a more becoming respects all in is China
more. entitled to are They
That VAT in cause shifts to bound is principle revenue.
Control. Budgetary on Committee within the previously place took issue, which this debates on the of and investigations, OLAF for rules the of the modification November concerning 20 on adopted amendments Parliament's European the note of due taken has Council The
Elements to be are elections parliamentary and presidential and referendum to submitted and up drawn is being constitution new a - been announced have a 'roadmap' such of held.
up? stepped be support this could is: how Patten Commissioner question to My
man. honourable an is Tomlinson Mr and says so, Tomlinson Mr rapporteur But the
Otherwise, family new by promoting partly States the by Member actions undertaken to the value’ ‘bring added should Union European the that models’, or family of new inclusion ‘the through partly out carried be children towards violence against fight the that consent cannot I but excellent, respects many in and acceptable is document the models.
difficult issue. sensitive and a with dealing for rapporteur the congratulate to like I would President, Madam
subject. this of sensitive nature the politically difficulty and technical the despite achieved, already been has progress some and Parliament and Council the in under way Work is
crisis. economic and financial current the during crucial role a play continues and to played has institution This
the market. not and processes decision-making of your centre the at people the put will you future, that in We hope
(DE) the death on moratorium a call for the support I therefore, and, from execution save people to is possible it when out speak will Parliament European that the granted for it take I President, Mr penalty.
In competition the in policy of account an give to quarter every Affairs Monetary and Economic Committee on the to comes Commissioner the whereby procedure specific a proposed we my report, first sector.
these. one of is detail in and clearly, accurately worded text A
holiday. on were families while their respite in or care, residential or homes nursing and in or disabled elderly either were died people who the of all Almost
mother. a become to also longs woman work, a at partner an equal be to desire her Besides
Ministers? of Council the in negotiations the in place has taken progress that see now we which in areas worked, Council has the which on - court the of system that above and over areas - other in progress for or proposals solutions there Are
year. next of changes institutional before the desk' the up just 'tidying about not are deadlines These
Commission. good a getting together of capable be will he that sure I am
position. House’s this of reflection good represents a nevertheless whole, as a taken report, the nonsensical that so obviously quite are just enumerated, have which I and been, have nonetheless which yet see incorporated, to want not did I that statements for the report, this of favour in vote easy to it found I
all. is not that But
cancer. of risk increased an have and paralysis of symptoms fatigue, chronic and pain memory loss, from suffer They
Ukraine same the be never will again.
stated. already Fraisse has Mrs women, as affects mainly however, which, slavery of form a is It slavery. to akin is which human rights serious of violation a is beings human in trafficking President, Mr
EU? the risk in that take asked to be we Can
way. this in food transport to it unprofitable makes manner that a in partly driven is economy the that ensure must and we sustainable, way in any be or sense cannot economic make type that of Shipments
them. also transpose to but take decisions to just not into now, cannot go I which are difficulties, there wherever and the in regions States, Member our in taken are steps home that at back ensure to try also will we then and Commission the thank We
and defence. policing currency, passports, common and euro-anthems its and euro-nationalism counter to and cultures and identities maintain diverse to we because wish Plurality,
War. World Second the before regimes totalitarian the were as us now to as close China is
Parliament. through legislation of this passage the throughout line dedicated and thorough consistent, taken has a Álvarez González Mrs
session the of Resumption
Cyprus. on resolution nth is the this mentioned, been as has President, Mr
However, expected the brought not ago have - months few a until envisaged had Commission the - as growth economic of strong process a for basis the have provided to which ought factors, those all result.
Protection) Consumer Health and Public Environment, on the C4-0170/99-99/0023(CNS)) (Committee - (COM(99)0029 Convention) (Barcelona aircraft and ships dumping from by of pollution prevention the for protocol and the pollution against sea Mediterranean the of protection the for Convention the to amendments of acceptance the on Decision Council a for Proposal
The of North the in Cadore, from Mr Colleselli, was then rapporteur The in 1983. was time first Italy.
misunderstanding here. real a been has There
States. Member many of the fault rather but State, Member one of fault not the is this last debate: in our made I a point repeat me Let
This Hezbollah of people the from coming is themselves.
Mr Marchiani. fellow Member erstwhile our of case the in Court Supreme French committed the by – word a strong too not is that – treachery utter of act after the so Particularly
EU. the for concern central a be must and interests and economic strategic individual national beyond goes that issue an Arctic is of the protection the clear that therefore It is
there. concerns real are no there this subject, statement on brief very Commission’s the to According
Thirdly, or well this crisis handled Commission the has badly?
Europeans. fundamental for always been has endeavour scientific of value The
institutions. its and EU confidence the in their regain people that so reformed fundamentally be summits to the for important is it I believe
saving. energy targets for ambitious more not contain does proposal current the that is sad It
available. and be adequate just to resources for these enough not is it For us,
tackling unemployment. on focused be would efforts Europe's all course, of that, news trumpet the to Madrid and Essen, Cannes in met heroes who were those Yes indeed,
All the Far to industry manufacturing our of more and expelling more is doing in succeed will we East.
wastage. water consumption and excessive water of issues two the resolve to measures urgent must take Union European The
It be to treaty the for therefore important is adopted.
One view chaotic. of point social and human, economic the from situation the distressing and are Haiti in disaster the of effects the on, year is
impact. greatest the have materials that important most 20 the for implemented be must of action line and policy specific a 2008, by and sources, renewable from come must EU the the in energy of 12% 2012, that by agree I resources, on natural dependence our reduce to we If wish
I own their of use the determine to other communities of rights the violates trade that on agreement support an not do resources.
system. adoption the reconstruct to able be needs to it space the Government Romanian give to need we that feel I and countries, candidate EU for accession criteria Copenhagen the by do to required is it as rights human and for rights extent respect on possible greatest the to and based corruption from free system a establish to trying which is Minister, Prime honest an Nastase, by Mr together government put new to the confidence of vote a should give that we think I
consumers. of health and of public interests the in subsidies tobacco of get rid and matter this Flynn on Commissioner support should Commission The
welcome. should we that forward another step represents and is that it fact in believe I but right, human a to be that not consider people do Some
We national beyond which goes problem a to solution international find an to managed we highlight: should I think I which else something achieved also borders.
Picasso. and Matisse of including relatives the artists, seven descendants of but the to artists the to not went in 1996 France in collected funds suite' de 'droit the of cent per Seventy
United States. the bilateralist of approach the embracing are and multilateralism of ideal abandoned the have Trade for the Directorate-General seems, it and, Mandelson Mr
ideas. his for struggle long thirty-year the marked have exile suffering and whom prison, politician for a support to natural is It
government. the Venezuelan of criticisms sharp without some not am I No,
I Guantanamo in illegally prisoners detained those to protection denying such while this on insist to for Rumsfeld is it hypocritical how war, but of on prisoners Conventions Geneva the observe must Iraq that agree absolutely Bay.
political parties. of combinations varying of composed governments by and therefore of state, forms democratic by ruled are Union European the of Member States all 15 Today,
it. of bottom the to must get we and seriously it take we that demonstrate to we and need is serious This
trading. fair directive framework on a of the context within tackled be could problems general more the believe that I
essential. are regulations multilateral global where issue, key a such on frame the remains outside again States, namely United organisms, the genetically-modified exporter of largest the that regret great my express to opportunity the up want to pass not do I However,
countries. 30 than more in units combat in enlisted are girls, and children, boys hundred Three thousand
go. to way long a still have but we right direction, the in are moving we that him with agree I
right. information quite the got not have that you think I Meijer, Mr
no exception. are Kalimantan in riots The
That human rights like issues new with negotiations burden the to late too now somehow is it relevant, apparently less were issues development sustainable when ago, long time a started States the Gulf with negotiations FTA the since that DG Trade from the suggestions concerned about us makes what is clauses.
programmes. implementing cohesion in difficulties overcome to also may help This
many. to offensive is it therefore and situation to a improve trying are who those It insults
European supranational the and citizen the between intermediary the as part a vital plays region The authorities.
State. their to relation in status legal a to enjoy time for first the opportunity the given were being so, effectively do to very were happy who register, to wanted who and registering were who people those of All
young people. concerning national policies differences between existing the of issue, this regardless on more cooperate to governments urging by progress make to possible is It
Union. European in the nurture we solidarity of that notion the contradicts somewhat which others, than vulnerable more are States some Member that have noticed I Secondly,
hazardous. quite agency this life budgetary of the has made Commission the Council and the of part the on political vision of lack the that fact the despite no reservations, with be discharge granted to able be will it years future financial in that hope therefore We
We this to commitment our and principles to our vehemently stick must process.
rosy. too none which is situation, the of description a to and facts few a to merely myself, therefore, restrict to like should I
Year! New Happy and Christmas merry a wish all you to like would and in support this their me gave who MEPs fellow those all to thanks heartfelt my extend to like would I
Treaty. the 138.B of Article to pursuant process, legislative in the Parliament's participation European the characterize guarantees that jurisdictional the by not accompanied is It
? interests of loss more, causing is What
Europe. people of the to and people to their answer them let and shamed and named be them let then initiative, this block to trying scenes behind the which are – example France for – States Member some is reality that If the
objectives. the main currently are travelling ban the and culling that said You
Mr their forming in Parliament of assist Members to pleased always is Commission President, the opinions.
time. a for % 57 below fall actually can percentage this result, a As price. retail the of % 57 of rate minimum the applying in flexibility States more Member the It gives
wish. their is that if work continue in to elderly the for opportunity the one: on just focus will I available time the in but reviewed, to aspects be many are There
coordinated. are policies economic that ensure must that Council the is position as it best the Council in is the of President the Council, the to According
origin. of claims misleading or fraudulent to reducing and choice contribute facilitate consumer would which marking, of origin introduction the encourages also today approved we document the Furthermore,
year. the of end the at satisfactory budget a and produce agreement final reach a to order in possibilities the all explore to able be shall we together that every confidence have I but process, the budgetary in step the first only is this that know We all
proposals. specific of a lack is there Council, the of Madam President-in-Office
management. best financial the reflect not do years few past over the materialised that have surpluses excessive The
together. both sides of citizens the bringing in role crucial a play will Assembly, which Parliamentary joint EuroLat the establishing for you congratulate like to should I First
compromises. and negotiations, discussions by characterised Union, the European of life in the day ordinary an this celebration, dawn following however, will, day ordinary An
Government. Spanish the by decisions internal to domestic and policy to relates which Member, honourable a matter, about me asked Kosovo, you for As
restrictions. these justification economic for no is that there categorically state can we line the down years Two
site. the at already were paratroopers Vilnius, when in bloodshed 1991 January the before warning a such issued Nobody
Europe. citizen-friendly more and transparent clear, a creates it that but said, speaker the detailed previous as explanations, requires it that believe not do and Constitution the support I Nevertheless,
force. international an of the suggestion including groups, political representing the Members honourable the of by some put forward were ideas other few A
been tabled. that have amendments the of mention specific make like to now would I President, Mr
codecision procedure. of the framework the Protection, Consumer in and Health Public Environment, the on Committee the of behalf on quality, fuel on report presenting my of honour the have I gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr
issue. interesting and relevant very a raise    You
State. Member EU any other in as Ireland of country my in evident as is It
issue. this to relation in stance constructive and a positive take Turkey could if asked I naturally and ago few weeks a Brussels in Minister Foreign Turkish the I met
data. recent most the by confirmed are July, in budgetary authority the Commission informed the which of outlines, concerned, the is budget 1997 the execution of overall the as far As
to them. it explain and happening is understand what can representatives, elected the we are whom of citizens, fellow our which in only way the is This involved. be to Parliament essential for is it process, decision-making the speed in and effectiveness for need of the well aware are we that while that mean presuppositions basic the on Mrs Goulard by been just said has what endorse but cannot gentlemen, I and ladies President, Commissioner, Madam (FR)
emergency. unemployment solving contribute the to and issues the confront to Parliament for our imperative categorical a is it So
taken... was Mr Blot, demonstration, a hold to decision Because the
volatility. price infamous this limit can we in which way the market and regulation call we might what on answers seek to and question to a us brings That
Europe. across of culture field the in active companies and bodies society civil public, general the authorities, public 350 reactions from prompted which Paper, Green our by launched consultation the from emerges conclusion also This
Council: Defence Monday’s following issued release press the from paragraph just one quote perhaps might I and Vice-Presidents, two the and President the made by had been clear comments that very said I statement first my In
be, either. to about not is and integrated not spouses is the of one paper, on nationality or her his despite is that, the fact not, are they When
it. Russia sees way the versus this see we way and the observation election with recently have experienced we the problems particular in however, and country, that in democracy of quality the about Russia with dialogue engage in to want also We
favour. in voted I why is which situation, present the to improvement a significant lead to directive will This
Furthermore, for Member problems additional create will think we which into force, come will it how and date what from concerning suggestions either linked to not is c) this point of introduction the States.
unfortunately. that, of any discussed have not We
p.m. 6.30 place at take will vote The
It at so we do if visit, such a after only resolution a such up draw should that view we considered my also is all.
Left. European United the of Group Confederal the by 5 tabled Amendment No to support prepared am I personally, why, is This
victim? the empower then we how should following: the such issues dealing with State Member any ask to like would I that but on score, choice of freedom retain Member will States directive, this in that, see to pleased also am I
supportive. broadly were We
life. of their quality improving while employment, paid and in stay enter to children young with men women and allows It
preference. Community and better economy efficiency, evidence of is This
The however, is, behaviour EU's double-edged.
advantage. relative clear a has Union European the which in sectors the these are all, in All
rules. clear without any join not should and they joining, be will countries new ten May, 1 on because Constitution, the needs Europe
to death. leading internal organs their to and damage doing onto beaches stray to whales causing might be countries NATO the and America of States United the by developed systems radar Low-frequency
up. to make ground of lot is a there where manual trades, in particular, in education, and of training areas all in achieved be must mutual recognition corresponding and programmes study of The alignment
taxed. be rights by should those which other words in industries, energy-intensive for many exemptions far too contains proposal Commission's the However,
and judges. prosecutors all public almost for term emotive an assistance, legal for requests of system and antiquated complex through a operate to continue will cooperation judicial - be desired to is which something harmonised - are systems law criminal s EU' the Until
. liner the cruise of case the of remind you would I
problem? of this type with deal to enough effective policy agricultural common the to applied been has progressively that model liberal the is following: I highlight the which of some questions, answer us to crisis forces this makers, decision political As
To repeated it you Union, and our for future hi-tech and the education research, investment in great including reform, for vision his out set Council the of President-in-Office the when applauded we all Alexander, Mr ago, months Six speak English in now will I any misunderstanding, avoid today.
irrelevant. situation the Gaza for justification seek excuse and to desire the makes people innocent suffering of The
   European Single the on Ministers of Council the and European Parliament the between procedure the conciliation of results satisfied the with entirely not are We – Sky.
justice. and security freedom, of area an creating in progress EU's the on resolution the on vote the in final abstain to chosen therefore instrument have and bridging using the by situation current the resolving about doubts serious however, have do, We
damage? for environmental bill the foot should who question is: crucial The
possible. much as as animals live of transport the oppose want to obviously We
countries. and people for contempt its and its authoritarianism lot about a says This
companies. situation as same the in not are we so development and research to stimulate how is situation difficult and crisis this in with deal to have we which problems the of One
field. this in power co-decision Parliament and give harmonization necessary the undertake basis, legal effective an create finally we effective if only can be themselves, States the Member by administered particular measures in and also fraud, measures to combat effective that realise finally must States Member The
statistics. infamous these as neighbours regards its with up catching slowly is Europe
wasted. be will efforts otherwise the problems, of their solution the themselves in Roma the involvement of active requires assistance - effective precept basic the I learned population, the Roma of concentrations higher with region the in situated Kosice, of city the of the mayor as years During my
fundamental. is which Directive, the revision of the of a impact positive ensure to best position the in undoubtedly are partners social The
The licensing the of particular those in respected, are laws Community relevant other and competition rules provided that always gains, economic potential the to due sharing positively, infrastructure network considers it principle, in that, indicated already has Commission directive.
Council. European the of the President also be can Commission European of the President the point, that reach can we if day, one that option the keep open to need We
(A6-0175/2006). [2006/2086(INI)] Jobs) and Growth of Support Policy in (Cohesion 2007-2013 the period for guidelines strategic Community’s the procedure for assent the for preparing Regional Development, on on Committee the of on behalf Angela Krehl, Constanze by report the is item next The   
preparations. dangerous of labelling and classification the with deals it since Union, European the citizens of many concerns It
system. working a as majority of criterion the and principles the fundamental affirm genuinely we that said, has Commission the of President the as also important, is it external personality, to With regard
observation. this make to me prompts that the agenda in duplicity this is it and integration, of process the with actual concerned degree, greatest very the to are, rights these whereby agenda another is there that is reason The
expenditure. entailing policy security and foreign common the of field in the decision specific every any and in involved costs prospective the of the amount state promptly to is year, but a once this do to not only is the Council that is, though, point Another
the debate. of rest to the listening without them making then advance and in speeches one's writing of habit parliamentary bad the of aware am Mr I President,
implemented. be can schemes and actions pilot that ensure to order in stage early an at committees by various the discussion the in involved be will the Commission agreed, As also
work. for his rapporteur the congratulate and I debate in the speaking of opportunity have the to pleased am I President, Mr
year? last of second the half in Florence in Minsters Council of the in renewed was José Agreement San the when initiatives new launching in now be point the would What
suggestions. Parliament's European the incorporating disease cardiovascular EU-wide on strategy coherent and comprehensive a without delay forward bring to Commission the I urge and resolution a for the motion for my support reiterating by conclude like to would I
point. salient on the finger put his Cox has Mr gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr
11th hour. the to up right inclusion, its opposed Barroso President bitterly how just know we all package, but the is in It
regions. the outermost of favour in measures of positive number a contains regional aid on national rules the for proposal the latest aid, state to regard With
brief. her is which communication, concerns Wallström, and Commissioner to addressed again is final point My
But its and Union European the by paid compensation financial over and control transparency be there should that mean, and agreements various the about what information proper receive should fishermen local that waters, countries' third in operating other for fleets resources for respect example of an set should fleets Community that concern is There up. this takes document the and satisfactorily entirely functioning not are still which aspects about other concern is there shipowners.
partnership. in done and shared to be has It
weak. rather seems it - and admit I resolution, a through do to difficult is although this - Argentina in happening is what about truth the whole tell does not it believe because we resolution this sign not did groups, we Parliamentary of the three unlike President, Mr
These kicked being are they yet and countries, various the of languages the Commissioners in various trained have decades. They for Commission the worked for have teachers out. language
technical examination. for delay further a that necessitated security requirements and safety changes in the with deal to needed also We
us. has reminded Council as the deaths, and casualties many have been there and number, impressive an is which 2, UNIFIL presence military in European the of here everyone remind to like I Lebanon; of would hands its washed not has Europe
carefully. at looked to be needs future in Parliament the European the for be meaningful still will groups different from rapporteurs two appointing of practice Whether the
right. put be to needed example, arise for that, to suddenly were matters case in article an such to obliged have are We
In rights. their claiming in all for equality confirms it short, own
‘all’. word the delete to amendment technical a is only amendment my President, oral Mr   
responsibility? common our What is
3.
banks. and corporations North American by to domination Latin America consigns it it, to alternatives offer or against this out speak failing to by if, own detriment its to acting is Europe
regulation. this about points make two like to should I President, Mr (FR)
growth'. and inclusive sustainable for smart, European strategy A 2020 - 'Europe entitled Commission from the Communication the in change to climate given been has that place important the welcome I
employees. representing over those an advantage have representatives that employers' case the still is It
it. deserve not they do even if dignity, with treated be must criminals of worst the even that ensure to and non-vindictive provision this maintain to essential is It
undertaken. ever has Europe project ambitious that industrial most the is Galileo that gentlemen, and ladies know, You
workers. qualified to just highly doors Europe's opening of appearance the even avoid can we that so work, and residence for permit single the on report Gaubert alongside the matter this with dealing are that however, we pleased, especially I am
parliament. nation-state a is it not or whether of regardless relevant time, the at institution relevant the and involve predecessors its unlike totally a way act in could Commission itself, this Constitution on the any decision of Regardless
citizens. of our security the with guaranteeing concerned area the particularly in active, is it which in all areas in rights fundamental respect fully to immensely important is that it recognises Council The
ceiling. financial the remove and threshold the lower scrap damage, psychological concept of the introduce also they products, agricultural primary to given definition change the only not proposals Her
systems. European the between competition promote we if succeed only can strategy the Lisbon gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr
discussion. path this in narrow very a on are We
The 'farm' or such as terms, reserved optional define to request the of note taken has Commission 'mountain'.
institutional framework. a new within the future of challenges major to the itself devote to 2009, of second half the in be able, will Council the Presidency of Swedish the States, Member 27 all in time on completed be successfully can process the ratification If
State. Member each interests of national the respecting whilst be done can that this and importance, economic its dimension matches which political external acquire an could Europe that think even We
illegal immigrants. 000 700 to up to status legal grant to intends Now Spain
be respected. to press of the freedom the would like and Ukraine in October 31 on place took that elections local the of critical am I
policy. communication European a on White Paper your welcome much very I Group, PPE-DE the behalf On of
that. about be adamant should we think I
withdrawn. been had that point touch say to in been had Group EPP from the someone that is Services the Sessional from had have I explanation One
that. on Court said the what of you remind to like would I and 152 Article in subsidiarity said the about been has lot A
development. sustainable on Johannesburg in world summit September's about optimism renewed cause for and give encouraging are Conference Monterrey the results of final the and gentlemen, ladies President, Madam
countries. neighbouring into to get it use who immigrants illegal for responsibility take to borders its monitoring in negligent is State which Member the it forces Secondly,
European Union. the links with closer to and region, the of countries the other and all Kazakhstan in progress and all-round further democratic to contribute also will fact this that hope I
in Kashmir. population civilian the support to will a strong show to Union European need the we success, in end to unlikely unfortunately, are, which and of Kashmir issue the Pakistan on India and held between being that are talks the of in view moment, the At
populations. their and involved countries the by ownership transparency and of lack a serious from support suffers budget Finally,
October 1998. 23 on reading first at vote during MEPs the by expressed concerns the to responds way no in This proposal
this point. on agreement in are we as comment, extensive merit I feel, not, This does
costs. all at continue negotiations must 5+2 the Finally,
into The enters directive the after years Commission four the by up drawn be to report the of part be should matter this that also Commission agrees force.
procedure? same the follow to you ask Can I
report. Jarzembowski the against voted why we is That
organism? modified, genetically albeit living, a patent to does mean it What
excellent outcome. an is that think We
of I we came debate, when the censure for here was I and 1979 in birth democratic our of hour the at here was age.
satisfied. is Development on Committee the and indeed, very pleasant relationship was working Our
the violence. stop firstly, is: therefore message My
As Member other several in partially only functions act zone. The regulation the of left out are states European Union small several a result, States.
Inter-university still is which but implemented, being which is diplomas of recognition reciprocal of general system of a development the by be reinforced but cannot this cooperation Switzerland, but in moreover, Basle, forgetting, without Alsace, and of Baden-Württemberg the universities between particularly scale, important an on exists already cooperation inadequate.
Wortmann-Kool. Mrs Member, fellow my to thanks my express I for report, which the forward in put are proposals All these
itself. Commission within the divisions and weaknesses the of some highlighted Parliament submitted to originally proposals the but welcome, we strong which words, Commissioner used The
We this on suggestions mind any in bear will we part, our and for see, soon will issue.
it? manage Europe did – how integration regional advance trying to are too, We,
Parliament's intention. even not is this as unfortunate, very be This would
outside. live who those by influenced also is but Union, the in live us who of by those governed only not EU is the of development The
stake. is diversified at people this extremely of existence very the because and qualitatively, people million several because affects it Quantitatively, reasons. two for out stands Europe Eastern and Central in people Roma the affecting issues the enormity of The
systems. transport sustainable more of development for search and the to contribute also can programme the that so extended, be fact, in should, programme Polo Marco the of goal The
clear. is thing However, one
Commissioner. to the acceptable is this if statement, Commission the beginning with by pattern normal the debate, reversing our event commence should any in we that House the to suggest would I
partner. important most our treaty with such no have yet globe, the around countries third of majority the with relations maintain Treaty that we acknowledge I partnership agreement, EU-US an for call your to With regard
with (NL) paved is hell budgetary to road say 'The to Ruding, Mr Finance, of Minister former the prompted euros of billions many of guarantee the Dutch President, Mr guarantees'.
you? vote, do this respect you so Oh,
legally regulated? be people young by established companies recognising procedure for the Should
protection. of form any without flowers of quantities large importing now Union is that the European is the result but achieved, are goals these that means certain no by is that it Habsburg von Mr with agree I
still pending. is Bakori, court in Islamic the by sentenced Lawal, Amina of the case And
I press through not and this debate in position Commission's the heard have to preferred have would we and the response with satisfied not are but we sorry am statements.
We societies. and free of formation the and against discrimination fight the with associated programmes for action and legislation for both specific proposals, need fair
States. Member new the case in necessarily the not is this However,
A medium-sized and small Europe's for also workers and for relief tax of package a overall meaningful within be provided should it but idea, good a certainly is minimum wage enterprises.
us. proposed to being which is resolution joint the of approve I largely that level, personal a on to clearly, say order in also is it this, all you of remind I if And
situation. that in acquiesced the Commission and controls, Community rejected it Kingdom: effectively United the is such One others. than equal more are some that we noted but Treaty, the under equal States are Member 15 surprise: by the me took deplorable quite something else investigations own our course of the In
medicines. certain into research independent for set been up has programme MICE the that delighted I am Similarly,
vehicles? specialist operate their to right their jeopardize harmonization European will is raise they question The
inspected. be thoroughly will it port, Union a reaches European flag flying that a ship as soon as that, mean clearly approved, also Council the which and Parliament, this of support the thanks to approved been have which and proposed have we selective criteria the inspections, with port regard, this In
Parliament unnecessary without function to Alevis and non-Muslim groups religious allow will which Rights, Human of Protection the for Convention European the with accordance in legal frameworks, establish Government Turkish the that still and insists, insisted then, restrictions.
disadvantages. and has advantages proposal Commission's the view our in industries, energy-intensive exempt to whether of question the On
wrong. or right are proposals these whether decide to bodies, other any or Services, Parliamentary for the not is it Plenary, in decision for a proposals a submits if committee MEPs, of rights the to respect With
hospital. school or work, to way their on citizens unsuspecting and targets civilian hit they because population the Madrid alarmed and London in The attacks
of law. rule of the violations its and record human rights large neighbour’s to our comes it hypocritical when to be continue States Member individual the of many too that means energy for need the example, for how, know we well Unfortunately,
Directive. this implement to order needed in is possible as period transition a short a goods of dangerous transport the of the safety for that think I
satisfied. not been really have regard this in promptings Our
profile. hazardous uniquely a with substances are heard, have we as Dichloromethanes,
institutions. two other the between mediator of role the playing Commission for the thank to like would We
history. its in be denounced to needs which that denounce and past confront to its able is it when nation a of maturity the of measure a is It
crucial issue. and urgent an as registered therefore which is closer cooperation, agenda: the to addition one just to itself limited it is that with Feira out stands What
of people. these life everyday the improve also will directive This
culturally. or geographically either country, European a not is Turkey
That this in drafted been it has why is way.
neighbours. into countries Mediterranean third of strategic from partners turned have We
appropriated. be cannot which material, of living discovery the and activity human of product a as invention between limits the of delicate questions pose therefore and organisms living with do to that have innovations biomedical biotechnological and to those research, of private funding favours the which policy instrument of industrial traditional the system, patent the of application regarding the problems raised addressed committee The
of time. weeks' couple a in Strasbourg considered in be will which competitiveness, industrial on European report with my do to trying am I what also is This
protection. purposes consumer of the for intervene to Community needs the in which areas the problem all basis, five-year on a accuracy, with predict to impossible be would it Indeed,
year. first last instance the in had we than year priorities fewer this have we that happy am very I and established been have Priorities
In has situation the years, recent deteriorated.
2003. the year again until once this postpone to your plan give up will that you and proposals reasonable s Parliament' implement will you that hope therefore I
It they that unification of the work for 1945, May 8 after responsibility, on take to had who women men and the to grateful be all can which we for something is achieved.
companies. consumers and Market, Internal on Committee the of perspective the labelling, from standardised benefit is greatest The
An the Belliard and Maerlant Van as such buildings existing leases on of properly dispose we sure that making buildings but new into moving on concentrating just is not therefore, policy, building our part of important extremely building.
The sexual or disability, age, belief, or origin, religion or ethnic sex, racial on based is it whether discrimination combat to seeks which way a in guidelines implement to Member States for need emphasises the correctly report orientation.
We globalisation the harness, rather than lead, to fact in aim should process.
Nothing nuclear eliminate way to realistic a about questions new prompted which others, amongst Ireland, and Sweden by initiative before the much happened had weapons.
vote: the Before
earmarked revenue. to reference any delete and to budget, the of policies III, Chapter internal into expenditure the and resources the simply incorporate to proposal the with along go could not we Therefore
women. girls against and violence of type horrible expose this and public the eyes the of open will prostitution forced and women trafficking in prevent need to about the Championship 2008 Euro the during campaign information good a only that convinced am I
itself. Union European the against argument an as Union the European of opponents many by used has been Portugal and in storm political small caused a has Summit, Seville to the linked episode, this that must you tell I
citizens' eyes. over wool the pulls one otherwise, lyricism; grandiloquent to into lapse is one if answered must be too, questions, These
countries. third with Union's relations the from and Union the within of movement freedom cultural benefit from and social economic, full derive to them enables it since citizens, EU all for importance greatest the of is skills of language diverse range a of acquisition The
We all at happening this prevent must costs.
networks telecommunications Trans-European
Europe. good for is and necessary is agree we all mobility, to which relating issue specific a with deal to want I
leave. paid and protection enjoy social should have children to decide who workers self-employed of partners life and spouses women, that self-employed position the a directive for proposal this supported have within we that say wish to I
developments. technological recent most the by offered new possibilities the introducing and capacity increasing its it, updating by possible, as quickly States as Member the cover new to enlarged be to area Schengen the enable system will II SIS The
that. on focus We must
citizens. European for also assistance but EC from benefiting directly people the for only not place, better a world the will make partners to our benefits bringing concrete that is context, clear it this In
projects. demonstration the forward bring will which mechanism a financial place putting in in forward great step one achieved least at has it pleased that be can Parliament think I
The food of area the in assessment risk be will the authority of key task safety.
NATO. and Romania of border eastern the to responsibility a firm has it as good intentions of its statements deeds by demonstrate must Federation Russian The
access. of and equality universality of principles the with compliance in funding and adequate framework legislative stable a services public guarantee would The latter general interest. of services directive on framework of a introduction the behind idea This the is
Union. the European situation in social the on Affairs, Social Employment and on Committee of the behalf on Figueiredo, Mrs by (A6-0035/2005) report the is next item The   
cheaper. also become must it true, but that is encouraged, be must payment electronic Thirdly,
appropriations. payment of level the to lower decided has Council measures, the structural for the resources of under-use the substantial light of the in and Nevertheless,
crisis. global the of the effects from which suffering is Union, European the of recovery economic and growth the promote to and preserve cohesion social to is it important that considers and question her in Member honourable by the expressed concerns the shares Council However, the
development. sustainable of practice the to better adapted is that way a in it function make to able be to market by the opportunities offered and the instruments of use full make to consumers and enable producers will both that proposals and guidelines series of a of formulation the for framework be the opinion, in my should, policy product integrated an Paper on The Green
funds. structural other of measures the and consequences structural with between measures distinction clear a make to is important it financing, in Lastly,
permanently stunted. are olds 0-6-year 000 000 1 and brain-damaged permanently are olds 0-6-year 000 400 to 300 000 So,
slow. too tape, red much too too complicated, criticisms: same the making keep region my of citizens the Furthermore,
in Ghent. not did Genoa and Gothenburg wrong in went What
within individuals. society and within balance of benefits the enjoy will whole a as society that are we as persuaded level, own fight, our at this support We all must
generation. next the in in Europe live will who those also to and these citizens, to workers, of generation this our commitment to social to respond they that but or opportunistic, frivolous, not are fact proposed changes the in that believe we because Commission the of work the and report Andersson the support will Group Socialist the Tomorrow,
cheese. Limiano of case the in origin, as of designation the threatening company, thus a usually holder, titular a to belonging marks for trade protection trade to may lead it that is this The problem with
Sponsoring pension match their to order in earnings stable more and control improved cost achieve to the need realised have undertakings promises.
world. the in developments influence to effectively able be to also it for and, course, of development, European in factor a decisive as to act able to be enlargement, following Union, the European for the prerequisites creates It
reasonable solution. a constitutes position common the of text the that believes nonetheless Commission The
foundations. new these on Programme builds Work 2007 The
The great a is Kingdom United nation.
Mr SWIFT the to relation mandate in Council's the and Commission's discussing the are we again, once and gentlemen, ladies President, project.
EU. the in on records waste worst the of one has which region a Wales, represent but I because also resources, planet's saving our of needs environmental the of because simply not issues, waste in keen interest a take to have started recently I President, Mr
In in technologies key enabling of commercialisation to related the challenges main the illustrated Commission, which European the to document working mid-term presented a group the year, this February Europe.
everywhere. that see not We do
States. Member the by all agreed already is that law law, by intentions our announced have we statements; but press by their intentions announcing are partners our of Some
like? look future could the What
Union. the of member a become to apply 6(1) may Article in out principles set the respects which state European any Union, European on the Treaty of 49 Under Article
be fine-tuned. can that package acceptable an towards step a taken have States Member The
the practice. to subjected for women death even and complications long-term immediate, of wide range cause a to known is FGM
again. happening in fact, are, they Now,
parliament. the boycotting opposition the of part crisis, with a political through going been has recently country The
tomorrow'. happen will 'what of uncertainty permanent the without affairs and their land their safeguard aspire to people These freedom. in and peace live to want there, only live that canaries of thousands the like who, Venezuelans, ordinary to always and as Afiuni, Judge such as judges to am referring I Today
course. reasons, different of for although commitments, these by abide not Algeria will and Lebanon The
people? its serve not does society that a of the point is McCreevy, what Mr question: my is However, here
State. every Member and each in degree equal an moreover, to monitored, - monitored regularly is if value it of be can only is, it good how matter Directive, no Any
methods. husbandry friendly animal environmentally more to change farmers to encourage to important is why it the reasons of one is This
force. into enter to Protocol is Kyoto the fact that known is it a now as one, historic a be will in December place take to conference climate the gentlemen, and . Ladies   
problems. environmental social and economic, their tackle to – repayment on even not – interest exclusively almost on spend they present at that money the need countries cancelled, these as are debts whether but suchlike, or moratorium reduction, debt debt deferment, a debt we grant whether not is stake at issue main therefore, the opinion, my In
approach. effective more a be may Heritage, Cultural World UNESCO as such heritage, cultural of area in existing the initiatives cooperation with Close
available. is money much how just year each beginning of the at specified being it involves budget transparent and true a that believe do I
We are not quality its and service agreed an if compensation to right the have should that consumers other things, among proposing, are delivered.
enlargement. for summit a become must summit Copenhagen in This
absurd. be would That
industry. clothing the in billion 22.6 of deficit a there but is billion 5.4 industry of the textile in surplus a is There
grounds. economic or on legal to objected be cannot it is because this Perhaps
mission. monitoring international independent effective an by facilitation its and war civil the in involved the parties agreement between rights wide-ranging human a for last resolution the in House this made by call the repeat must term we long the in extra-judicial executions, and abductions disappearances, recent the investigate to commission independent an for need urgent an is there term the short in Whilst
procedure. codecision the under rights its Parliament denying not whilst positively, recognised be to has projects list of comprehensive agree a to managed and met have States Member the that fact and the State Member driven, is of legislation that piece this remember have to We
violence. without preferably world, humane more a achieve to in differences order religious our transcend Let us
year. the of killed start the at were thousand Chechnya. Three to 'peace' word the apply to inappropriate completely is it today, is that, delegation, this in part taken having certain, which am I of thing one Commissioner, Mr President,
Haiti. in such as situations external in intervening useful for very be also would force civil protection European This
Israel. by prisoners political of release the of the well start as as revenues and on taxes decision the welcome We
proper manner. a in appeal this make to need we that the US regard for high such have We
forward. economy our to drive market internal the of potential the unleash to of growth, sources new create to 2020 strategy Europe the use now must We
schools. Slovak having dream of only Hungary can in children Slovak other hand, the On
B5-0303/2001) (RC disease Foot-and-mouth
That main my is concern.
asking. be also should we which the are questions These
understood. fully have not to appears rapporteur the only which aspect - an elected are Members those which State in the of nationals the regard to with specifically itself, mandate parliamentary the of concept the for consequences significant have however, will, Statute the Adopting
Grail. our Holy is jobs Getting
practices. very bad these outlaw to approach a world will see we lucky, are we If
Now these on programme based modern a create to like would we roots.
They this justice in greater there being to contribute to as so board across the raised gradually standards are social ensure that should they concerned, agreements trade are where and, services financial of field the in stability greater is there that ensure should world.
Behaviour. Administrative of Code Good the of version revised a adopted year last European Parliament the special report, a Following
resolution. that of spirit the letter and the correspond to not do that drafts you before lay Commission not will the that saying without it goes Turkey, on resolution September 1995 the 19 over and Parliament Commission the between basic difference no is there that say I Although
process. Barcelona the of the with reinvigoration along agenda, my the of core at are Mediterranean the in programmes Our
Chamber. in the patience your for you all thank President, Madam
Let across the debts countries’ these of rescheduling the to consideration to give countries, today, developed the for necessary it disaster makes unprecedented this by generated impetus the worldwide that think I saying that by conclude me board.
easier. any into Europe move country's the make not definitely will Ukraine of government the of behaviour current the President, (DE) Mr - author.
way. same the in terms, same the on be will treated Russia and in Morocco which friends of ring a is There
everybody. to example poor very Fridays a sets on to work to want not and Fridays, on work to have people other Moreover,
The for scheduled East Middle the on debate the to relate put just have you questions tomorrow. which
set. which we standards certain of full heed take also must it then standards, appropriate accept and Lome-Agreement the keep its obligations, meet to Mauritania wants like country a If
We EU-Russia in irritant persistent a end to an bringing achievement, an important is this and years many for issue this on working been have relations.
Minutes see 116): register (Rule the included in declarations Written
costs. administrative high incurring without aid sums in small awarding of achieve objective the to are really Control we if Budgetary on Committee the of support the also need We
not? it does power, miracle such no have I that means underwent surgery I fact that The very
terrorism. terrible against war a progress, in been has war call thing we this months, two For part-session. plenary normal not a certainly is week this mentioned, been already has as President, Madam
capabilities. prevention conflict ourselves to give need that we First,
States. Member and less-developed regions to go should funding more the in development, the differences greater that the is second The
domain. pubic the into incorporated be my should view, in which, projects, funding for finding of problem the problem and economic the consider to too, wish I, speakers, of previous number a Like
EU. the in protectionism and governance, bad - countries these problems in the source real the of tackle really us Let
areas. these of some in progress made we good States, the United to visit recent that During
see Minutes sittings: forthcoming of Dates
Niebler. Mrs you, Thank
Europe. in monopoly Russian a to avoid order in priorities European Commission of list the off pipeline gas northern the strike should shows we crisis that The
I a such deals with place this that way the bemused by I am why is which all, us to subject important very a is security that food knows everybody but this report, on abstain to whip party's my was it because abstained matter.
Union. European the by out is that economic carried activity and social of ambit covering every talks, of chapters 40 different nearly into up broken are negotiations accession the that recall should We
   world. of history the in civilisations advanced most of the one to be is supposed which civilisation, and society diplomatic a are calling we what in are living because we ourselves of ashamed bit little a all be should we think I President, Mr the
all. for once and so do to ratify and it to still hesitating are that States Member few the convince to and friends Irish our negotiate to with you in confidence have all We
terrorism. acts to of exposed being not woman, a as violence of object the being life, not risking one's without streets walking the workplace, own one's in attacked being not means right: it a Security is
European Union. the within remains mortal movement of free the necessary for procedures the possible as far as simplify to order in rules establish certain – to countries new of ten entry imminent the of view – in Union the European as more even us obliges said, rightly quite rapporteur has the Agreement, as Strasbourg the signed not Union have European the of certain countries that fact the that believe I
The government central at happening also is this say I but assault, under are country of the areas certain rights in that commented women's already has Commissioner level.
We more yet for times fat of instead EU transparent more leaner and a Brussels, in bureaucracy new a to prefer openness full fraudsters.
world. safer a want we chemicals and knowledge about to improve want we right: Paper are White the of aims The
We of importance the on attention focus special should solidarity.
enough. not alone is that But
Mr being is great deal a that Affairs Foreign on Committee the assured Brammertz has done.
board. sounding a without cause a defend cannot you as human rights, of violation this about public out in speak continue to to is essential it that think I but this, doing of tire not I do only not that say must I
years. many for institutions childcare in Romania's conditions improving to financial resources and human substantial allocated has Commission you the that tell can I point, first the on Ortega, Medina Mr (DE) Commission.
in March. early signed was the EBRD and EIB Commission, the between the Understanding of Memorandum that the mention to like would I context, this In
level. and international at both European it, with deal to step first the be only should this However,
funds. public from contribution a large requires This
More in this involved be must Union European the ever, than fight.
elections. presidential the 2002 cancellation of the constitution or the of suspension the such as setbacks discourage major to resort last a as kept be should sanctions that believes The Commission
Sundays. protecting of subject the on specifically, being, petitions into initiative citizens' first the of one brought has who those people of one am I gentlemen, ladies President, and Mr (DE)
is among failure, regulatory a is there obvious It things.
It it amend to any reason see cannot I Convention, and first the in lengthy discussion really of subject the was again.
of rights. fundamental issue general the is on up pick to would like I thing the citizens, second with directly working of importance the on agreeing Besides
4. Category to with regard particularly perspectives, financial the to amend agree must Council the which to according Parliament, expressed by position former the supports group Our
level. Community at research cancer for support and Funds; Structural through the infrastructure in investment networks; providing reference European through expertise together bringing care; as palliative such care, cancer integrated and on treatment practices best alcohol; and nutrition tobacco, as such promotion topics on health and preventative measures Europe; across practices best and inequalities highlight will that burden cancer the on and data information health For example:
fast. very been has negotiations accession the the of pace months some For
agreement. our to be fundamental will poverty energy of issue the begin, to about are we that gas directives electricity and the on negotiations the in that, Council the to warning fair give to like would I
level. humanitarian is the first The
Flowing. Forever novel his in Holodomor of the moments tragic most described the Grossman, who great Vasilij writer by the penned words few a reading by President, Madam debate, this conclude like to would I
remember. to need we that things the of some clarified has President, discussion Madam this
matters. important more on time more to spend plenary then enable will This
theirs. and efforts our mean both I this by and successful, insufficiently and been inadequate have Bosnia regards as made efforts The
recommendations today. these welcome enthusiastically and partnership, we strategic this of launch the to relation in could make Parliament contribution any of favour been in always have We
Presidency. Austrian the of success the for reasons the of one was example, for Parliament, with – fellow cooperation players his with teamwork increase to and team of Council his captain strong a be to Council of the President-in-Office the ask would I
values. these promote actions whose mechanism multilateral efficient, assertive, see an to want us who of all to important is this organisation of operation the proper least, not but Last
origin marking. and origin rules of zone, Euro-Mediterranean the property, intellectual access; market sector: the textile in forcefully, to defend going are we that interests Union, European the of the interests attention on our focus to have on, we From now
judiciary. force and police Afghan the retraining with progress make last at We must
The can do how we second, and, Belarus bring to want we first, where are, now pose to have we questions main it.
too late. is it before now, to act have We
effect. this with any others and 41 amendment Committee's AGRI the oppose to means which contamination threshold, genetic any of inclusion the oppose to and 194, and 175 170/171, amendments 166/167, support colleagues to to ask would like I Therefore
clear mandate. a also be must there reason this For
parks. theme into it of some convert and wasteland industrial to regenerate provided been have funds European and money amounts of large Commissioner - remember, let us - defined, while be must sites industrial specific Secondly,
weakened. being are ones existing being but introduced, control democratic for mechanisms new no are Not only
pensioners. to the gave sympathy they and support the for Petitions on Committee on the colleagues and Newman Mr thank would Finally, I
presented. already has the Council of President-in-Office which our ENP, the strengthening of ways recommendations on published Commission the Last December
direction. the right in step important an is This
enforcement). law surveillance and cross-border regarding cooperation of lack the and Internet through the perpetrators of networking (the European level at combated be only prostitution can to child Problems central
This social worsening the about and forgetting unemployment are crisis; we the cause not did who people the about are forgetting we numbers, these all in gentlemen, and ladies because, is situation.
hatred. to incitement or minors of protection on provisions law's Hungarian media the breaching for fined longer be no could foreign broadcasters that mean would The agreed amendments
Council. the by proposal amending of the adoption quick necessary the to obstacle an could create stage and this at premature is period transitional the of the end date for a fixing that consider we However,
Syria. for than Europe for beneficial more much Agreement is view, the of point economic an because, from 'political' the word stress I
agenda. the inclusion for on propose can members its which subjects of range wide a discusses also group last This
table? the from moderate proposals considered, carefully the all sweeps gesture, generous simply a in on Budgets, Committee the when play to continue should committee specialised a what role as to arises question The
industry. chemical European the penalise would heavily that demands unrealistic of a raft reject and approach pragmatic support a why we is This
mass-market use. for instruments are but the sector, professionals in prerogative of the just not derivatives are because financial least not today, text adopted the in Langen Mr by out set guidelines the support I Lastly,
world. the in exporter and manufacturer important is most the Brazil which of tobacco, and Virginia-type cigarettes for the competition out wiping time same the at EU, in the manufactured tobacco of strains and Burley of oriental exporters and manufacturers damage would move of sort This
issue. this in Nations involved staff United the and Papadopoulos President Mr Erdogan, meetings with several had have year I last the Over
50% today. only of figure a to compared products, imported by met be to will have requirements energy Union’s the of 70% decades, of couple the next in competitive more energy domestic our we make can unless us, tells policy on energy Green Paper recent the As
Commissioner Flynn. Fischler and Commissioner between style in difference the out point to would like I tobacco, of case In the
better. the sooner the and entirely, of rid got be must cages Battery
agencies. the new about too, else, Something
Committee. Veterinary Standing the in programme this to additions technical any discuss to course, of necessary, also is it that programme but the to recognizable alternative no is essentially there that view the took beforehand, presented been had proposal of this the elements which to Commission, the and meeting, Council during the scrutiny technical to programme subjected This was
stage? the external on do EU the and Commission can the what perspective: external the is Then there
intense. remains, and been, has Boeing between and war Airbus price the economy, world the on demand weak of During periods
see. shall we that kind its of last the probably very is of 2005 half first this in Council the of Presidency Luxembourg’s gentlemen, and ladies Commission, the of President Mr the Council, of Mr President-in-Office President, Mr   
wealth. creating by rich It grew
To effectively being as enlargement of policy the show week this face issues the we that not seem might it some delivered.
problems. major two presents level, world a rapidly at very developing which is engineering, genetic obtained through products market for the gentlemen, and Ladies
institutions. these of language official an Irish making taxpayers' on money euros of millions of wasting of notion foolish the abandon to confidence the have might he so that language English the mastery of continuing his on Mr reassure Ahern and compliment I Finally,
and input. creative cooperation their for I grateful am it for bricks building the supplied who those all to report, and draft my response to constructive their for Committee Transport the thank to like should Lastly I
harmonised. more become have methods examination the and training methods the obtained, are licences which way in the point that is out to like would I fact important One
bad omen. a is this and people, its of demands the democratic of respect any to not desire its showed junta after the happened It
difficult. more life make could that fliers frequent us all for of although course advocating, you are direction the go in doubt no will things future in examined and still being is it that means which issue, particular this to attention constant are devoting safety flight concerned with international organisations various the and themselves airlines the both you that tell fact can in I But
18. or 12, 13 11, 10, 5, 3, 2, amendments accept cannot Commission the bloc 2, in From amendments the
remarks. your with agree only wholeheartedly can I
Kong. in Hong democracy of the development to close attention pay to continue Commission will the that you assure can I
of Bam. reconstruction the million for 400 have offered who countries, Arab UK, the in say may Kilroy-Silk Robert despite what and, workers, 8 000 relief than more mobilising for Crescent Red Iranian the congratulate time the same should at we assistance about south-south we talk When
Auditors. Court of the work of the sensationalising stop us Let
crisis. financial the of midst in the EU's especially agenda, the matter on important an is education Financial (LT) - writing. in
basis. worldwide on a so doing and is developing on go will It
the coin. side of one on designs for national room coins have the should that and sizes different of be should denominations the that nickel-free, be should coins euro the think that we reasons these For
also raised. was market new this of aspect lucrative very the March, in Philippines and the America of States United the by organised jointly conference a During
basis. codecision a on discussed be to regulation this for idea a good been have it would that report, this for the Vălean, rapporteur Mrs fellow Member, my as view same the of too, I, remain
available. tests new with for screening, area new a cancer is Bowel
though. example, a good is This
later. many years until occur not may cancer as such diseases not direct; is health to damage - the hydrocarbons chlorinated cyanides and compounds, arsenic - substances harmful some case of the in noted that be should In it particular,
I be have to would rules such no repeat: weakened.
so. doing to contribute meant to is report This
example. for employment, for - success with - incidentally used already method the to similar is which policy, coordination proposed open Commission's the of aim the is This, then,
EU. the and ACP the between votes separate for call the to right abolishing of the idea caution on urge would I However,
others. than strength more some have while others along by carried are some countries necessary: is very solidarity all, of First
In hard. times when sacked be to after, only sought are they times good are
place. in is government new a as soon as Iraqis support the to region to the go and Troika Solana a in and Mr Council the from my colleagues join to ready am I
The democratic a within freedom, of context the case within the be should as respected, adequately be press the of role the that insist to continue will press and of the the freedom with to regard concerns its express clearly to continue therefore will Union system.
users. of requirements the with and constraints industrial with is consistent proposal that a balanced is It
attention. full our therefore requires securities settlement of efficient promoting the on report Andria's Mr
unity. European furthering in progress real make to so do are to willing that countries to enable how - imagining start or - imagine must it further duty: a has now that it realises Europe, in deeply believed always has that country a is Italy, why That
to. adhered be can Treaties the of signing the for date envisaged the so that and Parliament's part, delay on no is there that possible so as speedily procedure as parliamentary the shape preparations to making are we that say me let responsible, committee the of chairman the As
President, two over for Mauritania agreements with fishing had has Union European the Mr decades.
enterprises. medium-sized and of small needs the fulfil to Company European Private the on proposal forward a put to Commission the expects Thirdly, it
implemented. be should resolutions these that intended ever people some whether wonder quite I debate, to this listening that, say to I have
coherence. political more us gives groups fewer into ourselves dividing that the premise namely fundamental premise, most a dispute to like I should President, Mr (DA)
achieved. have we that result the excellent on Presidency Slovenian the congratulate to would like I least, Last not but
Now is ban marketing no that ensure to its best done which has the Council, and testing, animal to an end wants it that clear it made has which Parliament, the between classic conflict a we have introduced.
private profits. future finance to upon called being public is the net, safety a without area this risks in take will not sector private the that given industry, so-called 'under-capitalised' a develop to in order again, once words, other In
either. expectations to such rise not give did specific, be to and Monterrey, Rome conferences, previous of results that the add must I
compromise. of deal and good a State Member every of part the on effort considerable required a It
of text. the body the in been concealed has something that suspicion arouses declaration explanatory An
Middle East. the in situation the by threatened is Mediterranean area secure and stable a achievement of the moment, the at that saying without goes It
Union. the European developing view to a with Parliament in groups political the with all cooperating to forward looking I am
I industry power to referring am problems.
on. touch to want I issues that important extremely some are there because report the on largely very concentrating for forgiven be perhaps will I that, but for worse none the It was
compromise. sensible a form of the in evidence furnish such to opportunity an be summit will European The
year. the next into its efforts intensify will Commission The
exercises. adopting cosmetic for not am I But
A and contributions of calculation the out carrying when of women disadvantage the to works men's, than longer is life expectancy women's that show statistics that pretext the accounting on which, concerns amendments of set second pensions.
development. its resume to single market the enable to possible as as quickly released be malpractice must by financial caused economy real the on The brake
confidence. consumer regaining in role a central plays origin of mark that a Germany in particularly shown been has It
And was it how is this that mind in bear also we must born.
country. each of the remit under should statute remain a such view, our as, in standardisation this opposes Nations Europe of a for Independents of Group The
elected Parliament) newly the sitting of (first sitting the of Opening
that. realise must Everyone
be done. will measures, it the of some to strengthen need a is there if and analyses, out carry will we accident, caused the results, what the know we soon as As
ratified. and clear are already Amsterdam Treaty of the and Agreement the Schengen that assumption report's to the opposed also are We
new agreement. this of spirit the to observe parties both encourage also would but only acceptable not is request a such consider that I
possible. as time a short as apply rules for transitional the important that it think We
can help. which we on matters are those - the secret services of and control elections in politicians democratic all of unimpeded participation elections, fair and free radio, and television to access full justice, Independent
objections? any there Are
European people. the to promised have Treaties Amsterdam and Maastricht the which structures foreign policy and common defence the creating institutions, our power of the with by us, built must be future This
Between a to bureaucracy the cutting thereby the with trial commence may investigator the notified, and be will authority regulatory the Committee, Ethics the to submitted application is an when system, this with because notification of the system favour we notification authorisation and systems the of minimum.
We crisis in harness Union can the that of resources full range the of advantage take to need accordingly situations.
Union. joining the actually before Convention the of work the fully in participated have they that that is and countries, member future from the we observers have when a time at positive, very also which is something welcome must we believe I Furthermore,
and associations. SME SMEs by research outsourcing of the support, SME to dedicated schemes funding as well SMEs, as for interest particular of areas in calls targeted etc.; searches partner proposals, with preparations, SMEs to help fields technological of specific sectors in intermediaries of networks to support include: measures These
country. the within opposition support the will international community the and isolated will be you obey, not do If you
Irrespective by side work operators Mediterranean Southern and European which in development, dedicated to a be forum to is it Investment Bank, European the of part or bank independent an is it whether of side.
exclusive ideas. mutually are not protection environmental competition and the market, that proof is works system the that fact The
export scheme. a wider door to back the open not will and measure emergency an is that purely this second and rest will vessels of ownership the where about First,
judgment. date the of the of months three within Chamber Grand the to of proceedings transfer request a Convention, to of the 43 Article under right, the has case, this in involved party other any like Italy, and Rights, Human Convention on European to the party that are States all for mandatory judgments is Rights Human of Court European of implementation the that true also It is
food supply. the on consequence a has therefore power purchasing of lack the and the population of sectors great to hardship huge causing This is
That comes Agency the where is in.
work. his into put had he that thought the on rapporteur the commended I issue, and important was an safety health and that confirmed year I last September in debate previous in the President, Mr
ambitious targets. these achieve to order in European Union the from support and resources need EU the join to States Member last The
immediately. clarified be must issues fundamental certain that believe I because Commissioner, the of with that lesser extent a to and s attitude, Council' with the disagree fundamentally and profoundly I
A presidency's of the basis the proceed on to were we how and stood we where parties contracting the to indicated and clearly far gone so had negotiations how the of view presidency's the gave status, simply but official no had which document summary working of a kind presidency the issued Noordwijk, in meeting the before so or week proposals.
reason. major a reason but only the not is this; it support reason we the is That
cases. in exceptional months 9 12 to from and months 6 to 9 is from reduced made decision the communicating for limit time The
hypocrisy. of frenzy a in sinker line and hook, been swallowed has abolished be gradually should therefore world and third the underdevelopment of the for responsible are EU the in produce agricultural for subsidies that claim The
considerable. is crisis the of impact the measures, economic current appropriate of spite where, in this of example an is Romania area. euro EU's the outside harder significantly been felt has crisis the economic impact of The
more more. and representatives their and citizens the involve we that vital is enlargement, it permanent achieve to want really if we However,
partnership. transatlantic the in priority higher a take should policies coordinated Whereas monetary
Cyprus. of the issue to solution speedy a promote to influence its use to encourage will Turkey Council Furthermore, the
policy. a transparent evidence of provide your information, in you, that is Commissioner, like, do I What
existing legislation. Community to regard character with complementary important an have regulations these that conviction my is It
terrorism. against fight with the dealing of capable freedom of area an create first we unless Europe in policy be foreign can no there Union; European the within internal policy shared a have first we unless policy foreign European no can be There
That of number a on and interlocutors colleagues Russian my put to have I which point a is occasions.
ones. richest including the country, same within the inequalities the about say to anything have however, not, They do regions. and countries between differences the out of levelling consists Europe enlarged an in cohesion social that ensuring imply rapporteurs President, the Mr
reasons. obvious for related are two issues which you of inform to House this in appear to me for pleasure great a is It
Italy. in government centre-left Prodi the Shame on
alliance? transatlantic terror, a alliance against an in are we because all - people Palestinian treating the is Israel how to the Kurds, treat Turks the how Chechnya, to in war Russian the to things: many great a to eyes our close to have terrorism, we against fight this joint in that, simply it is or interests, of common expression an it Is
concept. security human the to and rights human to related closely are from which fear, freedom and want from freedom also is There
Europe. for seat for a call our reiterated we have so and efficient, more and representative made more and renewed be institutions the that is us to matters that thing The third
Good lose else we or concrete action, by up followed be to need objectives ambitious and credibility.
time. difficult this during sector the assisting in to them available possibilities take the up to authorities and regional national to up is it that clear very be to have we However,
clearly. this out which spells 34, No Amendment to refer to like should why I is That
2011. for announced presidential elections and legislative local, the of course, thinking of I am,
rights. for human disregard its and Nigeria in to do intending is China tolerate what not must We
Socialist group? the with when agree they taken be only should commitments the or maybe logic the understand not do I
process. a regressive not and progressive a was that this ensuring to Union, European the including bodies, international by paid was attention no means that therefore than these better went elections previous the That
We in transition process the for support for strategy overall an previously out set also Ukraine. have
Control. on Budgetary the Committee by given opinion the on largely ourselves based have we that; done has Committee Rules The
areas. policy of range across a goes which approach joined-up a is need conclusion, we what In
immense. will be terms social and economic both in Europe benefits to the but essential, is sector the of private involvement the means which billion, 3 EUR is around Galileo of the cost that I accept
reasonable. remain must Union the European time, same the at but laurels, our on to rest early too is It
create. to need We
contribution. his for Commissioner the I thank Mr President, - Group. S&D the behalf of on
thought. been initially had complex than less seem contracts of the continuity by posed problems then, the Overall,
contracts. model use of the be might solution One
with you. confidence of contract the sign tomorrow, to ready, shall be we why is Barroso, Mr That,
drinking water. fetch have to they and at market leftovers any sell to have they infants, the after look to have they family, whole for the food of daily provision the to contribute to have they housework, the with to help have They
proportionality. of principle the and criminal sanction the need for the of principle the respecting while effective, is law Community that ensuring for indispensable is truly it when criminal sanction a European about think to need we now, just said Mr Lehne as For instance,
I third with facilitate trade to order in textile products of imports on legislation EU harmonise and simplify to spirit: underlying its with agree because I report this of favour in voted countries.
and Parliament. Council both involves process budgetary that the - accepted always have and - I accept
remainder. the bill for the foot Africa to allowed it because Council course the of and margin, our reducing actually thereby fisheries agreement, the it misjudged because Commission The
Treaty Amsterdam the with Strict compliance Subject:
to oomph. have needs instrument rights human the think I manner, same the In
voice. with one speaks if it clear and loud is EU The
future. uncertain particularly a that is course, of subcontractor, as but a another or brand one to out rented is that plant a be may still There
I European of the States Member by cooperation to bilateral arrangement conditionality this proposed applying have we once complete be will examination our think that Union.
returning. settlers some about 1967, and of borders the about Jerusalem, in East state the Palestinian of the capital about talk actually to privately negotiated PLO the and he 1987, where in had parliamentarian, young a himself, Olmert Mr that negotiations the reflect should solution, status final a effect - in about - Mahmoud Abbas Mr Olmert and Mr between talks recent the make that is would I propositions the of One
success. you every wish I Council, the of President-in-Office
world. the of parts in other standards television digital European promoting by action this further and to services, interoperability and of the digital to the switchover to relation in bodies standards Union by developed European standards open the promoting continue to is advisable it rapporteur that the with agree I
Are global lack of the behind hide to going we agreement?
this. in interest every have should President Karzai Interim
(Applause)
receive. will they care the of safety and quality on the information to access have and will provider their healthcare choose able to will be patients that is legislation, existing with compared as directive, by this achieved progress main The
issues. certain to attention must pay we however, Here,
watertight. be it to want we Because
criticize. to are able we that rule law of so-called own ignores its and rights human basic ignores China because is It
Union. European the and people Syrian between relations the of the strengthening in stage new mark a will hold will you that talks the that dialogue and parliamentary the strengthen will Parliament the European with contacts your that convinced am I
requirements. new the to adapted to be have will Administrative expenditure
the report. support shall we So
role. democratic s the Union' on backs their turned have seem Union to the of representatives that other learn to concerned are today we However,
latest. at the 1997 of the end by States the Member by Europol Convention the of ratification early for the call will it that expect also I
night. last speech his raised in rapporteur the that concerns major the addressing Commission the on depends regulation draft the for support continued our However,
right direction. the in going Europe are in that we convinced still am myself I cosmonautics, experience with my on Drawing
property intellectual of Subject: Protection
notified. be to have declarations how these and language of questions with concerned article create a special would which them, of mention one only will I
right that the in us taking are systems navigation of satellite creation the and satellites of navigation construction the for programmes the services; carrier of the domain in programme Ariane the of the success and to Teledesic, answer European the Bridge, Sky as such projects communications-satellite develop and welcome must we reason, For direction.
Liikanen. Commissioner you, Thank
I here. genuinely are here not are who those of all not that to say ashamed am not
programme. II SAVE the concerning Council the of common position the on debate to contribution this important her for Blottnitz, von Bloch rapporteur, Mrs the thank to of all first me permit gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr
report itself. the in found be to are reasons these that saying goes without It vote of approval. my to led reasons that the here repeat to me for superfluous be would It
external at borders. their Agreement the Schengen provisions of the apply that States Member the to aid financial extending of means new establish a will solidarity and of promotion the for step important another is Flows', Migration of Management and 'Solidarity programme General the of part 2013 to as 2007 period the for Fund Borders External the establishing the Council of and Parliament European of 574/2007/EC the No Decision of approval the Furthermore,
Lisbon. in ourselves set that we objectives the fulfil to wish essential we if is It
It membership authority local by supported is and cities towns and member 180 fees. has
presentation) (short or matters commercial civil evidence in of taking in the States Member the of courts the between Cooperation
We torturing and people against working were time at that who police, secret the tolerated less more or people.
question. the response to in provided has he information for the Council the of President-in-Office thank the to want First I
needs. citizens’ European to response its improved capacities own Committee’s and the on effect beneficial a already had have they as place, in safeguards put be such that necessary be it to believes Committee The
States. the Member of the budgets from invested is rest The
detail. the lie in problems the important, very course, are, of these whilst outlines, and, broad on the exclusively focussed have discussions President, our Mr
countries. applicant the with solidarity our of signal a clear out sends that result overall successful my a achieved view, have, in we negotiations constructive Through
information. better provides that proposal a is not This
prosperity. and more jobs give new and tomorrow bigger be will Small
this matter? concerning condition binding a introducing regulation's this to support prepared the Commission Is
I such of achievement the frame for time specific a and objectives measurable on agreement reached is Diversity, Biological Convention on the the to Parties of 8th Conference the at that, ensure and role leading a play to continue should States Member the and Commission the that believe objectives.
it. befallen recently has misfortune that the assistance following provide to is One
debate. ideologically based an not and pragmatic calm and be will debate our hope So I
objectives. different have they and the EU, inside the latter EU, the outside works The former
throughout country. the penalty death the of abolition achieving to view a with Illinois one in the moratorium like a introduce and risk that about to think punishment apply capital which States United the in states federal all the encourage to started - we have - hoping are And we
Lisbon. of Treaty the of objectives the among its inclusion recognised through also is Its role
austerity. greater to subject are budgets national whereas increase, 5% a represents appropriations payment in million 93 EUR with its the budget Firstly,
ineffective. be totally to ICCAT in demonstrated been has size landing minimum a imposing of expedient simple The
structures. existing the within staying by stimulated be only can approach, Commission's the not is indicated has Broek den van Commissioner which returns, just of The theory
her. of ahead has she and task role difficult the of view in Assembly Speaker that of the to message goodwill a send to Parliament of President the ask to should like I
authorities. the for supervisory procedure uniform a hence and criteria assessment uniform down laid have would framework that legal unambiguous an of for lack simply them, in companies whole take over to countries or other in shareholdings acquire to failed have individual enterprises occasion, one than more on the past, In
tomorrow. adopted be the will programme that doubt no have I
it? need when we rights human of Europe the Where is
environmental reasons. and safety for scrapped pilotage the to see particularly like would we here, formulated as is ports, within competition to our attention turn we If
women. by approach logical pragmatic, this of advantage take to need now We
nonsensical. would be that think I
agreements. Euro-Mediterranean the provisions of the trade under disputes settling for mechanism a establishing goal is agreement whose EU-Egypt this of concluding favour in voted I
debate. with this begin not did the Mediterranean in democracy ourselves that remind just to chair, Mr Dimitrakopoulos' Vice-President, our have taken I President, Mr   
Committee. Changeover Cash s Bank' Central European the cooperation with close in of December beginning the at to operate will start network This
2002. of end the at unfortunately expired which Regulation 2158/92/EEC, fire, forests against protecting to European dedicated regulation a by particular in funded were measures preventive These
either. people love not does animals not does love who Anyone
line. accounts of clearance the namely, budget, agriculture the for concern of point particular one to straight go me Let
I discuss. us like would I that issue an that is event, in any and, acquisition and weapons of possession the with dealing for measures more concrete should be there that believe also to
is. case on this view Parliament's European the what to establish or seek establish not does report This
decline. are in all them with went that measures safety the and belts conveyor and traditional factories The
States. Member the consulting or coordination good of matter a only not is It
place. first the in there is waste the why of causes root at the look to have We
elections. to municipal is opposed spirit the districts some In
backwards. sometimes it and moving forwards integration European moving of sometimes art the in experience deal of great a has already France horns; the by Lisbon regarding doubt of bull the take have to will you Council, of the President-in-Office Mr President, (FR)
China. mainland in place in one the than system better a to establish possible is it that proves closely, followed has the EU which Kong, Hong and Macau of experience the proposed, we that was point this a Meanwhile, and
in isolation. viewed be cannot euro the to switching report on this President, Mr
of negotiations. in charge committee the from information the to according joint discussions, the of the heart at is supply food of security The
of both. bit a do cannot We
dangers. conceals many sea The
security. deal with can they until Europeans to intelligence giving not are statements they that American the given capacity, particularly autonomous on intelligence made have we progress what or operation, into troops 000 60 these get to able be to capacity lift heavy developing on progressed have we which to extent the as to clear not am end, I to And, that
feed. food and modified genetically on report Scheele the approved today Parliament European The (PT) - writing. in
health. democratic good of evidence my view, in not, motions is through the religiously going Parliament’s
It parliamentary better ensure and funds of management the facilitate without doubt, would, control.
harm. doing us are also reports progress the in Macedonia and Croatia to relating elements ideological of the Some
strategy. EU inconsistent of example an unfortunately is directive This
report. of the view general our alter not however does This
directive untouched. previous the of Article in 15(1) exemptions the leaves proposal his harmonisation, about talking is Clarke Mr Thus, while
Recently great a is it and launched see that to Baden in Baden Opera Youth the European to went I success.
For to have will deal great a however, case, the be to change. that
undemocratically. worked Convention that the is reason The
coast. Shetland the off sank Braer the when 1993, fate in similar a suffered who Scotland islands of the Shetland of by residents expressed was disaster Prestige the result of a suffered as whose livelihood those for Sympathy
Cristiana Muscardini. and colleague, friend my the rapporteur, to words few a address to like should I
a.m. 11 at place tomorrow take will vote The
progress. more much made have to preferred would have we made, was whilst balance, progress On
rules. unambiguous with and words simple in process Budget the of whole the describe chapter should financial constitution's The
years. coming in the policy Union European orienting in decisive be will which Perspective, Financial next the definition of the for negotiations the of start the see will year next Finally,
In settled against herdsmen nomadic pitting Sudan, in as land, fertile and more waterways to access for fight and the migrations, forced level, in sea rise worrying the caused has change climate particular, farmers.
happen. can thing of this kind that acknowledgement an to be needs There
an facilities. access to and training vocational of possibilities employment, to access permit, residence the of length the and granting the to regard with same rights the enjoy protection subsidiary of and beneficiaries refugees that proposed is it improvement, As integration
In for them use to arises naturally temptation the that so pigs, poultry for and for use their you authorize because circulation in still are feeds these ban, despite the other words, cattle.
Even bird a by influenced partly was virus the composition of the that assumed was it disease. then
country.’ the in national contingents different the cooperation among proper a impede which caveats so-called the of problem the solution to a ‘Calls for
products. such such and of made be should cars for dashboards that environment, the interest of the in law, the down in laid be could It
European Japanese accessing the in problems experience still companies market.
instance. every in say final the that States have the Member from treatment supercilious of instead receive respect to wish particular, in regions, Constitutional
progress. considerable made has But it
basis. commercial a on developed and marketed be also they can where a market larger we need develop, scope to given be to are fuels renewable If
again. so do to trying am now so, I and do to tried always have I
amendments. their for Opportunities Equal and Rights Women's on Committee the and Market, Internal the and Affairs Legal on Committee the to rapporteur, our congratulations to My
agreement. an such not have do we which with country only the is Cuba remind you, to like should as I since, cooperation and trade on agreement an reach to order in Government Cuban the talks with holding been Union European had ago the long until not that fact the of view in especially consists of, it what know to like would I and law international in never mentioned heard have I which concept a is This
on Sunday. Spain in place take to is general election A
It next report about this Parliament European the of Budgets on Committee the inform will I and later today, report interim an adopt will week.
Energy European the of priorities are change and climate Union.
23.
reached. was absorption until higher a - the total of half - million EUR 18 of total a of out million EUR 9 retained also Commission The
ones. participatory the also institutions, but representative reinforced the we have only not And
industry. European in innovation of research-based power the boosting and technologies promoting by cutting-edge future the industries of s Europe' about strengthening is strategy one The
conservatism. successful of practice into putting the revenge for than other nothing is it that is on Hungary attack today's about truth The
Council. European this at discussing be will which we and propose, will we that map road of the entire thrust is the This
dumping. unrestrained social with coupled benefits, social citizens’ fellow our of dismantling shameless and systematic engaging the in of instead harmonisation, social upwards and rate a employment high ensure to in order work to get down to finally Commission the call on I
wanted. countries developing the as trade, to favourable more is policy agricultural new The
It former the in of holdings mismanagement the with had have I experience the is and that simple reason, quite a for is GDR.
these. stimulus to a provide and payments of reliability electronic the increase would it addition, In
health. reproductive and sexual for activities the dangerous most into to information access poorest with the those and incomes lowest on the women pushes and abortions back-street encourages clearly women, which against violence and hypocrisy appalling the on Portugal, happening in is what back turn on cannot its Commission European the that feel we backdrop, this Against
indispensable. be to resources water of and protection water of use therefore constant consider I
cease-fire. a and - that peace region for peace want Parliament European the Union and European the in us all of that believe I President, Mr (FI)
And this developing towards way long very a go might tax carbon the that Boogerd-Quaak Mrs agree with I sector.
children. our of safety and health of the sake the for was necessary This
In demonstrate must Council the procedure, this flexibility.
future. Sun the in on focus must we that believe I and energy of source all the is Sun the - primary school at I learnt something is this and - Yet
respect. this responsibilities in its of aware is Justice Court European of the that doubt not do I and balance, reasonable a in kept be to things need these All
importance political of matters speeches on One-minute
The current the to solution democratically-based and negotiated a of prospect the for setback serious a as King's move the Union views European the clear: very is February 2 declaration of Presidency’s conflict.
funds. of misappropriation for cases some in scandals, in involved been have officials numerous which state in A
Kingdom. United the in issue sensitive very a is this that know now We
coming years. the in difficult extremely be this will However,
companies. of needs with the workers of aspirations the reconcile which the market, labour in flexibility for instrument an as agencies, work temporary of Firstly, purpose the
amendment. own withdraw our would we whereupon amendment, oral submit an to was intention His rapporteur. the with an had agreement we President, Mr
overall. and policy cooperation development Union' s the effectiveness of the for generally, more and, zone, famous grey the assistance, international of stages various the between gap the bridge to necessary are for these ratio, cost-benefit the coherence and improve complementarity, to is vital it feel that I all, of First
year. year on 9% around by emissions reducing to be need we tells us science latest The
Furthermore, these overcome friends Slovak our help to responsibility a have Europeans we economy; market a to economy state-run a from transition difficult the making succeed in is to it if economy its reform to efforts make huge to continue needs Slovakia to other countries, the applicant like difficulties.
The the of end the come to has system pillar which the in way the illustrates splendidly data storage of issue road.
Union. European the in policy sports to approach overall an for aspects three at look further take a We should
regime. republican the whole was as services, their secret and cells party Communist by controlled entirely were brigades these custom, Communist accordance In with
this. of all part of essential an is Russia issues: many and other change, terrorism climate East, Middle the Iran,
line. in are they certain to that make Swedish Presidency the with again discussions had have I and admissible are amendments these of All
instance. this in apply circumstances Unfortunately, such
We workers. and protection requesting international those seekers, asylum between distinguish clearly that policy and immigration asylum on near future the in proposals present to the Commission ask also would migrant
of angels. business system American the adopt to and instructors become to want young people many because and enterprises medium-sized and small in found be to potential is greatest the since businesses, new of speed-up the creation to need Fifthly, we
This and members pension scheme protection to of level high a provides already Government, Labour previous by the up set Fund, Protection Pension UK's the example scheme; for protection existing an there is where compulsory made be not should beneficiaries.
motion. my of in favour vote to House the urge I committee and to back report this refer to is option only our why is which agriculture, in codetermination of right any have not still do We
Mr and organizations of role the of promotion the to related problems the all of examination comprehensive an is in-depth, commend I highly whom Ghilardotti Mrs by report the President, foundations.
Union. European to the accession of Turkey's advocate firm a am I (RO)
public. the to is accessible and - year every it debates which Parliament, course, of - including, institutions the other presented to programme is This
citizens. European closer to ever Parliament our bringing transparency legitimacy and and its ensuring in part vital a play Europe of peoples of the representatives as our work of interpreting and Translation (IT)
13.
issue. new not a is it so level, European at years many for discussed been has This
safety. step aviation in important a very mark will I hope, that, an instrument will us give this countries, third of aircraft the to regard with the States, Member in all transposed directive, SAFA on the also and blacklist, the on started to get us enable will that companies for criteria assessment includes which operator, the of identity the on regulation draft on the firstly relying By
change. about bring to order in also but survive, to order in only help not need They
linked. agenda are European the and cooperation Regional
expectation. financial of tier added an being there banks without to guarantees belt-and-braces give to trying difficulty and cost enough have to expand, trying whether the or start-up at whether businesses, Smaller
partnership. the within obligations our do as do this, to us oblige duties democratic Our
workers. of rights the respect not do and which employment, of standards reduce but which subsidies, public give only not which from countries and Korea, from competition of problem the There is
1999. June on effect 30 take to due and ago years many so decision adopted the to to adapt industry that for required delay adjustments further the could which concerned, industry to signal the inappropriate and distorted a would send it announcing of fact mere necessary, the not is study a that, since convinced is Commission the that add may I
cars. towards channelled all were practically they how discover to amazed somewhat I was and that funds, European same the all are there systems, intelligent transport behind that, by saying start to like should I
more effectively. patterns trading the overseeing and analysing by timber in trade illegal combat to procedures to urgent establish need an therefore, is, There
different. are things maybe then statistics, some have other you If
1998. May 3 of the Regulation amending by possible, this make to in order action take to able be not would Commissioner, you if wonder, I this, opposed to remains Bank Central European the if And
Union. the European the standards within meets Union European the into imported is that food the that ensure also must We
same the theme. cover and together grouped are which five questions, answer to going now am I
reply. your regret truly I Council, the of President-in-Office Mr
The energy enhance to made efforts the all to contributing thus gas, natural and electricity in markets the internal supervise also will Agency security.
state. the of obligation the be still will service responsibility for that should forget not We
Europe. for Constitution the truly is this why and them for are reforms voters these why showing the by campaigns referendum win these to responsibility and collective individual shoulder their must They
rapid response. and prevention of the field in intervention effective attributes of the have need to will which assistance, assistance Community of consequently, expectations increased intervention and, national for capacity the in are shortcomings there has that revealed disasters man-made and natural with dealing from years recent over acquired experience the Commission, European of the Vice-President Madam Council, the of President-in-Office Madam President, Mr
event. spectacular one-off a not new agenda, a of launching the process that and in step further important an was Seoul Summit the and ago, some years possible been not have simply would progress that enormous it is: what recognised for be should regulation, financial example, for on agreeing, and imbalance global addressing of joint process a in engaged they are fact that very The
growing. tobacco to changes certain concerning a tabled proposal has Commission the President, Mr
benefits. disability certain of export cross-border on the progress be appears to there Disabilities with People of Year European the in that pleased, however, is committee The
another. one with be peace at and yourselves, in salt Have
grovel. to the world of tendency general this resist France will is that hope last policy; my imperial this obeying are we and it bite about to or snake constrictor boa the by fascinated rabbit a behaving like are we of all, Worst
reborn. be to is institutions and legitimate with democratic Iraq sovereign a also if and rebuilt, be to is economy country’s the if indispensable doubt without is November, in Club Paris the by decided on which was relief, debt substantial it call I would and Iraq, of the for Republic relief debt The
others. of health the and health our respect must We
manner. exclusive but not integrated, an in problems minority's this tackle will which strategy horizontal a transversal, instead devise we should that I but believe redefined, be to need principles the that I agree
surprise. no come as will of liberalism return subsequent A
That the form in proposal legislative this would support Parliament that expressed clearly opinion the being hear to happy very am I and case, the be indeed would proposed.
ARGO. of success the in share can too the others via Commission, for, underscored emphatically be must This
Council. the in deliberations possible during as much as consideration into suggested Parliament amendments by the take to endeavour however, will, We
policies. European into employment concern over this introduce sense to makes therefore It
last. be the will it I hope order, and of point third a is There
regions. two between these relations boost and to aims renew which State, of Heads of Summit Caribbean and America EU-Latin second the will attend you Madrid, in days, couple of In a
take-off fees. landing or excessive from passengers protect and safety, passenger increased in result also but airports, at competition fair only not provide directive the will that hope I
We and lime, cement for emissions cut CO2 to easy so not is it but energy sources, other or gas by replaced be easily very can coal that know all steel.
consensus. no was there but policy, agricultural common the of reform the long-debated implement to ministries agriculture in the numbers their opposite allow to ministers finance enable to vital is framework the financial out setting joint text A
agreement. early an to in secure order matter this in flexible be to willing European was Parliament the that signalled – Mr President yourself, you President Josep Borrell – Council, European the address to his in November 2004, In
heritage. man's to civilisation European of contributions great the one of That is
directorates-general. of number same the creating be again will we 20 30, to increase from to is of Commissioners number the as direction, this in continue we If Commissioners. of growing number a to give employment to in increased order been has directorates-general of number the structure, internal Commission's the regards As
this. ignore to appears Netherlands the Presidency of programme work The
nature. in everywhere present are GMOs if be useless will world the regulations in best the another, one coexist with can crops non-GMO and GMO that a guarantee there is unless said that, having but follow, we should that approach the This is
referendum. the elections or the of either results the recognise not should we Firstly,
reached? being from far so is still which policy, defence common a of definition and the even Treaty, current the in exist does not which competence of a ground of inclusion the requires comitology, of rules with the accordance in exercised be to Union, the by competences these new of assumption the that obvious is not it Thirdly,
Ultimately, dishonest for used be circumstances no under may data biometric that emphasise me to to important is it purposes.
on there. be decided will Plan Action the and Strategy EU-Africa Joint The
law? environment EU of non-implementation for then impose Commission the will What sanctions
remit. within his or reports other House, this in examining today are one we the like reports, annual his to present Diamandouros Mr by visits the many during drawn, Petitions have on Committee in the we that conclusion the is That
We totally are common, they in thing have one all they academics; Pope, the ex-presidents, about heard much have powerless.
There the in else anything contradictions than more been now until have Council.
all! at aid emergency is not that then arrive, to Christmas before just until takes aid emergency and August of the middle strikes in disaster a - if already times three House this told as have I - because lines, these to allocated be also then must Money
words. her minced not she has Mrs Ries: congratulate to want I
Each of parts distant sometimes in and meetings talks of result was the amendment Europe.
summit the EU-Africa of wake the in Immigration Subject:
production. concentrate and to capital processes used the strengthening and monopolies the around role satellite consolidating their to a view with enterprises, and large medium-sized - Greek standards by - are what of group small a for support Selective ·
initiative. the UN for esteem my to express like would I Therefore,
doors? closed Commission’s behind the discussed are really ideas that thoughts and reflect statement your Does
the matter. commitment to personal his with pleased very all are we that say to like would I him, wishing pre-empt to Without
compromise. sustainable largely a finding ended up actually have and finance instrument, over development future the wrangling time much spent have Commission the and Council the House, this Mitchell, Mr gentlemen, and President, ladies (DE) Mr - GUE/NGL Group. the of behalf on
spirit. same in that the Palestinians of rights the for tirelessly have campaigned who Chamber this in men two group, my of behalf on to thank, was to speak leave asked I reason the However,
vehicles. of commercial roadworthiness the inspection of technical roadside the on directive proposed the of expressed opinion its today has Parliament European The (FR) -
Mr a as institutions Community of credibility the test for real into turning a now is nets drift with fishing gentlemen, ladies and Commissioner, President, whole.
House. of this groups political different across the right concern a be to seems there that pleased very am I
applicants. amongst the of countries categories two distinguishing by judgement in up itself setting was it that impression the given have which make proposals to Commission led the criteria, economic of view of point the particularly from countries, different of the study the Nevertheless,
product. that for be will there requirements of labelling sort what know to need we and sector confectionery the for eggs processed massive for market is, a however, There
Convention. the and Treaty Constitutional of new the issue the was referred you which to issue first core The
end. an come to will Union European the of presidency your weeks' time, in two Minister, Prime
If 90-95% of in codecision of powers equal have will European Parliament the reality, becomes Treaty this cases.
House! the welcome to and you, Thank
yet. states CIS the mentioned even not have I and in Europe, threat genuine real, the is That
report. this of in favour voted therefore I
college. within the responsibilities operational in conflict potential therefore and overlap of areas major are that there - obvious is it them without indeed - hearings the from obvious is It
individuals. as some Commissioners-designate of competence for the feel to possible is it respect the notwithstanding no, be to has that question to the answer believe that enough, I Sadly
now. until happened never has markets financial such of failure President, Madam
12.1. It clearly in quite specified as cases, exceptional and defined clearly certain only in consent their give cannot who those on out carried be tests to medical allow should we that right is therefore paragraph
products. organic of manufacture the in included be percentage, certain a to up may, agricultural products produced non-organically as gelatine, conventional production the of for raw materials for derogation a includes this Regulation of C part 6, Annex
August. decided in Council which the on document the in reflected largely been indeed have guidelines for introduce the wanted to Parliament priorities additional the that delighted am I
   free of flow concerning the namely advantage, competitive the held they markets where up to open happy than more were States Member old the that is truth uncomfortable and plain the Mr President, capital.
Mercury stored be can it that which means insoluble, completely almost is sulphide safely.
research. to which devoted is money public European Union of - 5% repeat, I - 5% deal with we level, Union European At
particular, necessary the with been provided not have we and been established not have - report the presenting for deadline Barnier's Commissioner - December 2003 by out carried be to analysis in-depth an for frames necessary time the in that least not published, is cohesion social and on economic report third the before even initiatives Community of future the regions and Objective 2 the of the future on proposal a to produce Commission the ask to premature is it that feel I In information.
I Part
great deal. a him miss will We
difficulties involves. this the all with warring factions, the strongest of the with negotiations open to government new a in inherent strength the using are this - on them congratulate we and - government Pastrana The
No!
of me. polite very not was this me, Forgive
June 2011. 23 Thursday on place will take vote The
politicians. than further and quickly more see they because society, evolution of the and forecast future anticipate the They
faltering. still is refugees the of return the side: negative the On
happen. to that allow to serious too far is matter the and achieved nothing have will Parliament not do we if because resolution Parliament European a have must we but politics domestic meddle German in not must European Parliament The
enjoy. they that status privileged the losing without markets their increase to them enabling thus less, can charge multinationals the that way such a in countries, underdeveloped for so-called medicines to to ‘regulate’ access idea is The
2008. January month, 28 this of end the at Relations External Council and Affairs General EU the of session the at be adopted expected to is mission the for date the starting on The decision
States. United the and EU the within States Member between bilaterals individual allow to refusing taken it in has strong stand the for Commission commend the I
of Pollution functioning the and environment the marine on strain places severe also units fish-farming of number increasing ever the from ecosystems.
Given it. Commission to the for time good a be would now perhaps produced was this communication since time of length the update
Texas. in authorities governor prison and by the Austin in prison Gatesville row in death to access denied was - Texas in prison in was death and condemned to been had who Tucker Karla Mrs concerning Strasbourg in Thursday last approved unanimously resolution the of arose out it delegation, parliamentary official not an although - groups different political from myself, parliamentarians, including of number European a of up made delegation A
fair. and free be Sunday will Belarus next in the elections presidential that left hope no almost is there President, Mr   
Authority Food European
of poverty. result as a year every die million 40 and hunger from suffering are world the around people billion a over Security: Food on Summit World (FAO) Organisation Agriculture and Food the of declaration final the in appear they and Parliament, members of this other did as the figures, The mentioned Commissioner
Member States. the to accruing losses significant the the and Community in fraud VAT of particular problem the up took justifiably report The
societies. democratic our of basis the freedoms form that fundamental and rights human of the breaches obvious such categorically condemn should We
I Part
monitoring. closer for provide to you ask I may subject, same the On
be Ukraine. could it tomorrow Georgia, is it Today
38 millimetres. or 36 exceed not does carpetshells of size the - Arosa estuaries and Ferrol the am of thinking I - and abundant most molluscs are where places In
gained earlier. have positions we the behind some way share, we campaign legitimate the sake of the for ourselves, finding of amendments, proposed the considering risk, the of s assessment Union' the of but pressure, caved under we that or policy, foreign a of of lack a indicative as decision therefore, this see must not, You
financing. required have the they ensure to and drafted plans the consider to necessary is it framework, financial multiannual the new approving while Furthermore,
issues. of number a on era colonial of the from shades suffers the report of version final the pity that a is It
time. crucial a at make could that Israel gesture humanitarian a be That would
encouragement. of words your for you Apolinário, thank Mr Mr President,
home. underclass new at created a has immigration illegal countries, low-wage to them migrated from jobs have as time same the at that, made be point to has the for fruitless, proved already have efforts that these appear would of it country Austria, own my in also but Germany, in only not figures unemployment the at though, look, If you
In European the throughout apply differently conditions social the and economic conditions situation, the the because government, national each to up it is and it, about do something to Government British to the up is it case, country's my own Union.
31. paragraph not and 34 paragraph affects amendment oral this misinformed, been not have we Guerrero, if Mr any case, In
With in hand go that things liked he said that who Pascal, quote to like should I agenda, Lisbon the to regard hand.
business of Order
today. situation this in not be should happened, we that Had
The political undue about complain journalists and that editors says here report pressure.
carried out. been actually have assessments risk fact, In
network. pan-European the countries: twenty-seven of context the within the networks up draws which group, van Miert the report by to the addition in of this All
Development. Rural and on Agriculture Committee the by accepted those for and amendments own for his rapporteur the thank to should I like
this. achieve to managed you way the of proud all be can we that think I and time, space of a short such in possible think it not did I
out entirely. ruled not be proceedings must in-court and here, things important most the are transparency and efficiency Impartiality,
Liberal Look the by championed legislation EU of example another at Democrats.
else. all it above in invest and prevention, about more should talk we that emphasise I always addition, In
in return. respect absolutely accorded no are Parliamentarians we yet Parliament this to access free have They diplomats. Chinese socalled their instance, Take, for
The way of the some report us takes this and operators, international these on standards high impose must EU there.
future. the foreseeable in consensus necessary the reaching prospect of no with stalemate, a in resulted regime have linguistic to the relating negotiations that regret We profoundly
same the time? at money new some set aside not we do why all, instrument after new a create we If
figures. hard of basis on the taken will be decision this that decided been since has it that learnt now have We
Commission. the and to States, other Member of those to services, control the national to means electronic by accessible made be will instead which Commission, the to permits or fishing licenses fishing of lists transmit to States Member on current obligation the remove also will The proposal
balance? a to strike made being effort an or is salaries, officials’ from difference a substantial be there Will
If fundamentally being construct of the consequence a be must discussion instead, opportunism; be political that would situation, for economic present complex the because of done be not must Pact, this Growth and Stability the altering terms of in talk to us leads this dysfunctional.
about. message a clear out must give particular in Council the and Union European the which Member States, the individual need that in we policy market labour active this - Europe social a by mean we what is That
model. a sensible propose to position a in be to seem yet not does economy the Here,
Union. European within the do can ourselves we work the in involved be they should on from now desirable that highly therefore is It
problem persists. the yet And
disease. to vulnerable more animals makes our policy and the world, parts other of from legislation different has Union European the animals, of keeping Regarding the
world. the around currency the international as dollar the replace to started gradually has euro the and states new three include to enlarged was zone euro the countries, new nine to include enlarged was the area Schengen Bulgaria, and include Romania to was EU enlarged The
small. is pitifully market the to on introduced successfully innovations number of the But
reference today. made particular has the Secretary-General which to – migration such as challenges growing, rather or new, with together disease; hunger and poverty, destruction, mass of terrorism, weapons of today: threats varied the addressing of means real the only provides It
Tomorrow's the only is however, vote, beginning.
that country. in weeks two than more spent have I fact, October in of beginning since the months, past few the Over
( (2011) Volunteering Year of European
growth. and innovation for significance its and biotechnology of growth the to removing obstacles e-Europe and plan for action the developing technology by new of significance also the emphasise should Summit Stockholm The
sex. female the of natural longevity greater the recognizing while two sexes, the system for an identical be must There
want. do not people our something which is super-state, European a of creation the towards step more one be tax European would of a creation The
reported. indeed be can is it really as situation the that freely so around move to be able to journalists want We
What parliaments? the in regularly more European parliamentarians and Parliament the European in regularly more appearing parliamentarians national prevent to is national
Summit. US-EU the discussed we last sitting, the At
policy. environmental only concern not it does and issue, fundamental a is This
That involving issues ethical do as governments, of national jurisdiction the within falls embryos.
policy. agriculture in more innovative be far to really ought we Olsson that Mr with agree I Furthermore,
with GMOs. cultivated areas of number large a on studies American in already stated being is as pesticides, certain reduce help can that they even convinced barely are we development; and productivity agricultural contribute to can that convinced GMOs means by no are we Furthermore,
sector. agricultural the in actors and as rural areas women in of establishment the encourage to women for credit and land to access improved be must There
Mr dioxide carbon on proposal legislative a of preparation on the consultations of course during the disclosed be to automobile industry the and Commission European the between for correspondence asked organisation environmental an 2007, March in President, emissions.
hidebound. and formal rather less these on occasions discussion the makes which ministers, foreign by given the lead follows it hope I
electricity. for on earlier we agreed word what for word is It
died. has her husband because is It
out. sorted be will everything over is it once and that action quick military be a will it that answer, is the action military that us people telling hear we time again and Time
democracy. and better more and more integration Mercosur, more saying, are They
groups. minority from citizens against discrimination forms of combat all to will a indeed is therefore, there view, point of that From
world. the around countries various embassies EU in in the people 000 5 than more involve will service this that is noted It
Barroso? Mr leader, that Are you
individuals. narrow-minded of group a one, am I which of Members, 32 rapporteur called the has that fact by the diminished thanks are my Neither
done? be can What
labels. of national proliferation the opposed has and always Commission the with agreement full in is Group ALDE the this issue, On
When Nations United the in for called as Cyprus bi-zonal genuine and bi-communal for people Turkish for support might encourage language that use to and Cyprus northern of isolation economic the of reducing ways find to Cypriots, Turkish to bridges build to time the was now that him to said week, last I Kasoulides, Mr Foreign Minister, Cypriot Greek to spoke I the resolutions.
and supervision. of control role institutional its with compatible view, in my not, is This
endorsed. overwhelmingly were ideas our where November Marseilles last meeting in Ministers' Euro-Mediterranean Foreign for the input main the provided turn in which Process, Barcelona the on reinvigorating communication Commission a on very worked hard therefore We
Those xenophobia and racism can fight we which with measures the few of a are effectively.
demands. these satisfies compromise largely Austrian The
To convergence its meet like anything do to able been have Switzerland and Luxembourg only date, criteria.
We and information between distinguish to need advertising.
protection. of consumer in terms way the right gone we have whether of issue the on is Affairs, Legal on Committee the in colleagues friends and our from differ presented, I opinion whose the Environment, on the Committee and I, where only area The
secretariat. the by this question to answer an given being involves us also that but Parliament, of the dignity talk about often We
possible. as soon as and Herzegovina Bosnia with regime visa-free a establishing objective of the with maps road the implement to utmost its do to dialogue and the with continue to Commission the call upon I Herzegovina, and Bosnia of the for citizens problem great poses a still the for EU visa a obtaining that Considering
This many of anxiety the allay will farmers.
reasons. the following for report, Jeggle the of 71 paragraph of first part the of in favour voted I
I other and Russia and China and USA in the ground gaining are rubberstamp of sort some to it downgrade to want court completely, this prevent to able or willing not are they even if that, forces the that really sorry countries. am
They other from benefit to countries, in other work to go world, to the throughout women and men for new aspiration a of the result are experiences.
function? EMU will How
stability. of peace of and have spoken you development, enduring an of spoken have You
strategy. enlargement European Union's of the sense the confirms report Brok's Mr
credibility. little too from suffers Europe that say to time, same at the should I like,
Israel. of security the of defence legitimate the with nothing do to has This
Balkans. the in more achieved have would we America, of States United the decisions as own our implement to willing and determined, courageous, half as only even been we Had
law. the above was The military
In debate the to open going not are we but question, the of author exception an as as the floor given was Elchlepp Mr event, any again.
laws. anti-terrorist the of scope the on proper others and him with I disagree But
Certainly, is it say that and positive very be also you can element; this convey can you progress.
most. need we what is view, my that, in because Commission, the and Council the with debate proper a as agenda our next on Pakistan put to better do would we believe I
This citizens' not control, safeguard, that institutions for point true starting a be would lives.
integration. political of process EU's the of dimension transnational the represent also parties The
need least at of target growth a set to We 3%.
countries. European our in sexuality of a dehumanization witnessing be to seem we because children, involves it as not just itself, and in pornography about Rights, Women's Committee on by the do to invited are we as seriously, very think to need we think this: I is point last My
away? straight reality a can become this proposal that ensure to and Paris, London conjunction with in doing, you are What
fraud. cover to basis legal a all above asylum, and of right the and issues: immigration Community as issues certain to regard courage the having Conference, Intergovernmental at the sector this in done be to remains all on breakthrough that a for foundations the lays done has been what And
Abkhazia. or Ossetia South Nagorno-Karabakh, for example, concerning, conflicts the to of solutions signs clear no there are Unfortunately,
budget. first EU the represent soon very will policies structural the EU Thirdly,
The health on Treaty the EC of 152 Article base legal its takes as today programme Daphne protection.
process. this in input give to available fully partner, serious a Parliament is European the think I - well as groups other the of shadows the behalf of on - that say to like I would
area. Kandhamal in the killed were people least 8 At
offences. commit right, they exercising that while even if, opinions, their express to right the exercising are who people values, or democratic or restore preserve to acting are who people not cover does decision the that specifying these precautions, to add will political declaration Also, a
the future. for own prospects their to have as so with Europe, relations their step up to but also structures own their maintain to only them not allowing secure and feel to peoples these enabling framework institutional an provide we must that remember us Let
degrees. gaining university are women of growing numbers and accessible more widely become education has higher President, Mr (PL) - writing. in
trends. counteracting variety of wide a of apart fall because to starting are things that signs are There
guidance. some give to wants also politician, she a true As
This international devices of the or goods dangerous counterfeiting, such as hazards safety and security from and companies citizens our protecting customs in of the role and reinforce globalisation of challenges the to up live to want if we critical also is reform terrorism.
in particular. agreements and readmission question policy in return the for used be will instrument transparent financial and coherent to which as clarification like would I
growth. general anticipated for negative risks the and uncertainty increased have States United the in events tragic The
Commission. the on powers implementing confer and policies, economic coordinate decisions, take the to Council power the 145, gives which Article and thereof, guidelines political general the defining impetus and with necessary the Union the providing for responsibility with European Council entrusts the which D, Article under both role, important the most States Member the leaves which whole, as a Treaty the of light the in be viewed also should These provisions
93/84/EEC. Directive of 5 under Commission Article the inform to obligation the of scope the concerned question in disagreement the Member that honorable the inform can Commission The
Marchant. Mr to happened has all at nothing and punishment, only is the that off, pensioned been has Mr Meldrum vegetables. the of charge in now he is the animals, poisoning after so, products vegetable director of to promoted been has Denmark, Hoelgaard, Mr from
recent days. in again the news in been has subject that another on comment opportunity to this take Austrian, to an as me, allow Finally,
Parliament. in years twelve in seen I have reports difficult most the one of is this and time long very a has It been
There Culture of City individual own her had have should State, Member unknown new relatively a status as her given especially, and perhaps too, Finland that think seriously I but in itself, this about be can done there is nothing celebration.
country. that congratulate to like would which I legislation, for international piece of particular this sign to Islamic first country the become recently has that Morocco is news good The
positive this outcome. contributed to have who rapporteurs other shadow all along with Mr Wijkman, and Mrs Weisgerber Mr Krahmer, topic, this for rapporteurs shadow the to thanks of word brief a with start to like should I too gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner,
We of feed cost and availability the for problem represent a can GMOs of approvals asynchronous that the Commission in recognise do imports.
encouragement. of source also a be can Commission European the that and play to a part have certainly can funds research the means that that innovation, and of control retain try to must we that saying be should we relocate; not must companies that be saying not should we - Eastern Europe include to enlargement imminent of our view in - too area this In
In against fight the in improving cooperation are they that incontrovertible proof give to willing are they and that lesson the learned have that States words, other terrorism.
insurance company. the authorities and Pakistani between the element negotiating a as hostages as be held environment, the up clean help to order in event the after well arrived who those especially seamen, can the circumstances no However, company. under insurance the with have differences Government may Pakistani The
machinations. feeble your all despite end, the in - triumph will freedoms national - freedoms And those
situation. tragic health a show also statistics The
instrument. political a sanctions remain very was sophisticated, speech whose well, as Koppa Mrs answer To
Gauzès. Mr to addressed is The first
view. of point my explain to just discussed, been has this subject time of length the of a fraction is which minutes, three to have like would I
strengthened. will be representatives European top the of the appointment and agreements international of creation the supervision, democratic Parliament in role of the and European policies, all almost to spread procedure will codecision The
And is balance energy whether the know even not do we positive.
managers. being exception main the workers, most for basic protection according thereby week, working maximum a 48-hour establish however, does, Directive 1993 The
morning. this early me with back brought I information which you, new to be may that things few a you tell to duty my now is way, it that it can put if I context, political and historical its in crisis this put has which Commission, the and the Council said been by has gentlemen, after what and President, ladies Madam
effectively. also function can States, Member more 25 than with future, the of EU that the ensure to have we now EU; the enlarged have We
attuned. are if they success of chance more have trade will the arms regulate sides to both from attempts Individual
responsibility. common our is European: that are best – 25 or preferably – four world’s the that ensure to is Commission, the and Parliament Council, the of that however, task, Our
territorial problem. a not is Ageing
entire basic bereft of are completely who disaster, this of victims the to humanitarian aid give to obliged is Union, European the including community, international The necessities.
observations. suggestions and comments, their MEPs for all to thank like would I gentlemen, and Ladies (CS) - Council. the President-in-Office of
development. in role important and an Union African the in role important an plays Ethiopia
raised. been have which problems of the some to respond like to would I
collectively. indeed, that and Commission, the against directed only of is course, motion, The
to court. 'offenders' take to departments legal in-house with large computer giants American) (invariably by improperly are used patents these frequently, too All
dossier. important this on work Commission support the for Parliament's for you thanking by conclude like to would I
Like possible shortest in the maximum benefits the we see that made, is progress rapid that ensure to want Liberal Democrats the rapporteur, the period.
treaty. the in outlined only are posts created the newly of responsibilities the if more responsive to become EU is the how work out to difficult also is It
a problem? also this is believe I where Romania, with negotiations enlargement of the terms in to do proposing Council the is what And finally,
the So, financial in dowry of phenomenon the to attentive be to you ask I Commissioner, sector.
areas. nature economic and areas and habitats as regions these safeguard to order in of sustainability, principle the of account taking regions, mountain in networks transport strengthen and events of abreast keeps population the that so training further and provide training and needed infrastructure basic the extend programme, sixth framework the under practical, projects mountain-related fund and mountain areas on data and criteria update and set conventions, regional of the form in problem-solving strategies common find need to We
reforms. all and decisions all block to power the with Duma the left and powers considerable the gave President constitution 1993 the this, To resolve
mutual benefit. and reciprocity of spirit a strategy in external our strengthen to want we competitiveness, European boosting of terms in Lastly,
conventions. rights human of the many having ratified not as to referred countries being own our we find when uncomfortable feel of us many makes it Inevitably,
alone. these challenges meet States cannot Member the that accepted largely now is It
This I Parliament, by scrutinized being present at communication is hope.
second pillar'. to the pillar first the from 'transfer a called is It
2009'. 6 December on Afnahel Yauhen 'and to like add would I Dashkevich, Zmitser mentioning after follows: as read will So it
We been has already what risk at put not must achieved.
cigarettes. real afford cannot man poor the since man's poor cigarette, the supposedly is shag but sector, business small jobs the in for good is that because advantage a tax enjoy to continue tobacco hand-rolling should only Not
intervention. through given has it support in the good been has very Commission European The
results. the rigging difficulty of increased to the due was significance Its
5. 4 and 3, Categories in margins the all using priorities revision the of the financing strengthen 1997: to year solution the alternative for an you of front in now is there the of Council attitude negative the of Because
forever. bygone been have should that totalitarian society dark a of the times to back decades us drags high-handedness which such indifferent to stand not we shall that certain also I am
to wane. beginning is, unfortunately, citizens European many by Europe for affection felt the gentlemen, and ladies President,    Mr
In social the to policy economic the adapt also should opinion, we my policy.
State. Member other any indeed or the UK proceedings: those intervene in to entitled perfectly are States Member also - but France and Commission the instance, in this - immediate the parties between place proceedings take the do only not Justice of Court European the before litigation In
sector. their agricultural least not of development enable the to countries these for space policy of importance the highlights and countries, in developing diversification for support more calls for also It
Africa. and Europe between relationship the vacuum in strategic a about talk can, we however, this continent, to makes available Europe that aid development of public volume the given neglected, has been African continent the that say to fair not is it Although
wrong. is report that assured I am
Caucasus. the Northern and Chechnya in NGOS and agencies aid international to 1996 during 7.4m ECU over has allocated office, European humanitarian Community ECHO, the
responsibly. act to Assembly Joint the ACP-EU in representatives Parliament's as act MEPs who those calls upon She
jurisdictions. favourable more to away, go and up give simply Europe will businesses in energy-intensive that energy mean prices Higher
growth. and recovery promote to measures for need stressed the has itself G7 the though even Union European the particular for in nothing recommends it speaking, More generally
endeavour. through common is area special natural and varied preserving this for conditions necessary the create way to best The
reading. our first per as package, Agenda 2000 by the abide and adopt should we that determined own, which our than other House this in forward put were that resolutions the all against vote to determined that basis we that on was It
it. look into will Bureau and the are making you that point serious very a is That
percentage. a certain by improved generally have things whether next, the to year one from judge, to able be We should
way. us the show should Technology
additives. life without advertisement for worst possible the are McKenna Mrs and Breyer Mrs President, Mr
however. States, Member the of healthcare systems the inequalities between marked are There
delivery. information rapid for jobs and modern new and Austria, for in especially areas, rural for communication of means indispensable an Broadband is
France. in World Cup the of the time quarters at some in contemplated be might that action counterproductive totally and highly regrettable unfortunate, extremely any of event in the do can Commission European the what of exaggerated view distorted and totally a try give to will honourable the Member, all of least one, no months, future of course the in necessary be to proves or taken action is other whatever that therefore hope I
vetches. specifically concerns, and regulation this that those of some as such feedingstuffs, natural good quality reasonably-priced, provide to market the essential it for becomes products, unauthorised of use the and livestock seeing fraudulently-fattened are we when this, like times At
European Commission. the Members of and Ministers Prime outstanding as countries their of the service to themselves dedicated who men both eminent Barre, Raymond Thorn and Gaston Europeans, two great of deaths of the sadness with deep learned have we here, last met we Since
32. and 19 31, Nos Amendments with agree do we not So
measures: essential take must we that repeat - I year a % 40 like of something rates at grow could which fields acting in of urgency the over-emphasise cannot we and - year 2000 the before possible Therefore, if
States. United the with relations Europe's further develop to have framework a we agenda trans-Atlantic the Through
There we whatever imagery change, of winds spring, Arab - neighbours our we call the countries across blowing storms are use.
consumers. to products the of and attractiveness quality access, market of terms in advantages competitive offer packing lines and processing honey The
of veto. right its of because bear to pressure strong bringing Russia is Kosovo, Now with
States. Member in inspections on-site make to particular, in powers, wider should have Eurostat that mind doubt my in is no There
climate change. combating to our commitment of sight lose cannot We
Although almost every in mentioned which were subjects two unemployment, and II EMS about something to say like nevertheless should I you raised, questions the all to cannot reply obviously I question.
labour. child of use the as such malpractice, prevent and rights workers' safeguard tries to red which protectionism, also defend I
ways. both it have We cannot
measures. long-overdue these forward bring to have helped those who of all congratulate and report this Conservatives welcome British the is why That
for. fighting worth which are systems and frameworks legal as things such there are that feeling the world throughout the people giving and in conflicts resolve to acting in important more and more becoming is WTO the that recognize will things seeing these anyone - labour slave to amounts cases some in what forced children into of millions of hundreds the on report ILO the anyone reading India, in Asia and of regions many in acute more problems becoming are how and nations industrialized western between even increasing are disputes how trade seeing anyone it, about do to anything are we helpless how seeing and at present Africa happening in is witnessing Anyone what
spring meetings. s Council' European the of agenda the on permanent item a be will sustainable development next year, from As
Could which they manner in the in film to authority had they if me advise you did?
disparities. existing the reduce order to States in Member the new of regions the in development economic attention on of deal great a focus to we need Europe, strong, well-balanced a have to want If we
legal other instruments. under handled be to matter a properly is violence, which domestic example, for include, to rights human of concept the of extension the concerned at are We
Community. the inside system ecopoints the of validity the during trucks Community of treatment non-discriminatory to ensure in order agreed were the agreement of aspects administrative other the and ecopoints of The number
behave. way to strange a is This
Kurds. the and the Shias of repression brutal continued the seen have would we them, Without
version. English the is version correct that the note you to ask would I
interests. private public and between balance real a for calls The report
too. about this, done be should Something
policy. fisheries common the monitor and control to protection vessels marine or coastguard of building the on put be should that emphasis think I
end. to an come obligation would that when and how sure of being without agreement financial or private business a into enter personally here would us of None
reality. European the new way to intangible an in uses Commission the which the concepts of unsuitability the about lot says a This have. as we extent same the to civilization of its development participated the in have, and we as much as history European of pages the have written who and dreadful acronym CEECs the under lumped together been have those who all Czechs, Hungarians, Poles, the European fully as which recognize negotiations initiate order to in wall Berlin the of fall the after years ten almost for wait to had have we that fact The
later. down closes undertaking if money the public wages with their paying in or undertaking an in remain to workers of number a asking in point no is There
otherwise. suggests bill itself the use; however, language minorities' the affect not government, does the to according which, language national the concerning amendment legislative a accepted the government week, Last
Do break to threatening is war another where Eritrea and Ethiopia troika for you the support do and score on this initiative an take to intend you out?
this. less than even to or 80% to reduced will be States Member of the powers the reports, progress of by constantly means situation the evaluate have to will years and nine in States Member the of commitment and the support with energy renewable 20% of level reach a to have will we because Therefore,
whole. a as amendment against the voting risk we otherwise this, opposing before think carefully to Alliance Free Greens/European the Group of the Parliament and European the in Socialist the Group from Members fellow my advise would (FR) I
bodies. public by committed wrongs on the exclusively focused talk has previous All
At monetary strict the to alternative no is time there present this policy.
I their excellent on – Nokias! are they hope I – mobile phones their on speaking present at both are who Vigo, Mr de Méndez and Corbett Mr to congratulate wish report.
I and men between gap wage the one is points: two least to at attention draw to wish women.
authorities. registration national the with placed is well information of personal Control
learn? going to ever they are When
strengthened. be issue to another is systems tax effective and fair up setting in developing Assisting countries
Mrs Napoletano. was as frank, very was and it, speak about one to first was the Schulz Mr
to. entitled are they retirement restful the of citizens thus depriving age, retirement raising the by achieved be This to employment is rate. the in increase 70% a was set aims the long-term of One
areas. important two in is deficient but usefulness its proved has This code
level. possible highest 6, the of level warning a issued pandemic time, it same the at illness, minor a as influenza H1N1 the classified WHO the though Even
development cooperation. in equality gender Commission mainstreaming is the how showing produced been has communication The
Europe. petrochemical in complex largest the which is Sicily, in Syracuse of triangle the industrial to particular, in refer, I
own. to our agenda environmental ambitious less a have may countries why developing understand Everyone can
suggestion. this oppose therefore not and will compromise to open also are we that say must I PPE-DE Group, the of behalf on benches and, Socialist by shown the compromise of spirit the note President, Madam I (PT) - Group. PPE-DE the of behalf on
policy. agricultural upon enlargement conditional making and risk at putting timetable the now is Sweden that disgraceful is it why That is
interests. people’s in and individually, impartially resolved be such cases that therefore suggest I supplements, so list of the in included be cannot cases which tell will Time
Parliament. in tomorrow majority qualified a hope, I therefore, and consensus maximum achieving at aimed are the I amendments believe minimalist; and be to amendments the I believe be realistic; to the amendments believe I
debate. this enjoyed have President, I Mr - rapporteur.
present. its also for but s past, Europe' for just not important, is This judgement
July. 12 Thursday tomorrow, place take will The vote
needs. of estimate binding and multiannual serious, a be on based to Balkans the of behalf on measures undertaken wanted the we objective: fourth Finally, our
thought. more one to draw to attention me allow please President, Mr
possible. as as quickly solution a find to utmost their do should - both sides on - involved everyone that stress to like would I and this on basis work continue the will Presidency Danish The
seriousness. utmost the with this treat to right are we that saying by started, I where I finish,
up. set be to office this place for in soon be will conditions the but out, to iron formalities few still a are There
poverty. this and situation this for West responsible the holding for support there be will here even that cake is on the icing the But
(DE) Germany Europe of fabric the to disturbance a what and Germany, about said has just Mr Wojciechowski what at startled am I say, must I President, Madam represents.
C6-0039/2008 -. - toys of safety on the Council the and of European Parliament the directive of a for the proposal on Protection, Consumer and Market Internal the Committee on of the behalf on Thyssen, Mrs by report the is item next The
McCartin. Mr for except list, speakers' to the according done have could she or he than time shorter a - spoke for appear not did who sure not am I - list today's on speakers the each of office, took since I first time the for afternoon, This
one. a moral is surely point the But
calculated. is taxation corporate rate for the the way as such corporate taxation, of direct elements certain regarding proposal any forward put to have seem not do report the Secchi and Commission the that regrettable perhaps is However, it
nonetheless. compromises but solutions, compromise effective as seen be should the report of certain elements that recommend all would we sure am I point the - make first to the not am I and mind in - that Bearing
This introducing private on Paper, White a in proposals, bringing forward currently is Commission the because modernisation of terms in pace is gathering process that a is damages.
situation. the us help assess provided to be data such that request urgently I Therefore
important. is and that domain in this here stake at much is there Therefore,
doubt. certainly in are things these of all Now
discrimination. or prejudice not is accession s Turkey' to chief obstacle the that to me insist leads That
a penalty. or ceiling upper an there is that to, used they as us, tell and come will one no do, entitled to are perfectly we which hectares, 370 000 for opting hectares, 270 000 more than cultivate we if but EUR 750; at 000 hectares 270 to hectare, per 594 EUR of subsidy a at hectares 000 370 from moved we have Greece case of the in Thus
people. the by politicians elected reach of the beyond placed are being decisions political and Crucial
clear. is today discussion the that feel that I presented here, being is that the proposal to regard With
On 'Ombudsman the in published is law EU of application implementation and the on information and ombudsmen, national of offices in appointed the been have officers liaison initiative, his Newsletter'.
area. in this in it confidence our put can also we law and of rule the to subject is whole a as Europe However,
ago. 20 years 15 or was it than century 21st the of world the future in its for today equipped better is our continent that firmly convinced am I but true, is one; that hard a is The road
internal market. the into integrate to countries associated the with preparing been made has progress considerable Paper the White of implementation the regard to with specifically More
different. is very reality the but conscience of prisoner China's last be to hoped he that day one said Jia Hu
example. for employment legal of benefits the promoting and workforce the taxation on of burden the reduce to Member States encouraging - report those the mentioned in measures some work, particularly against undeclared fight the up step to measures support Conservatives British - writing. in
them. against action taking any be not should We
them this. in to help able be to parents for their and choices informed make able to be to for children important is it too, programmes television to regard with fact, In
question. this to in information responding additional other some highlight try to will I and area important a very this is that clear is but it answer, my previous in arguments the of some used already President, I Mr - Commission. the of Member
September. on 11 attack the arisen following have which circumstances specific the of the light in fundamentalists Muslim by be taught they that contrary, the on accept, we can if the Jews, of annihilation the about ideas Nazi or teach Fascist to prohibited it is that given ask, to like should I
We real European a together establish can we way that and help, can democracy.
of conformity. lack a of event the protection in enhanced for and days, fourteen to seven from doubled be to sale a can from withdraw which consumers period in the for things, among other provides, Council, the and Parliament between debate lengthy a end of the spells which directive, The
The their affecting issues address to Europe of bureaucracy the through cutting of way a the often citizen offers Committee Petitions lives.
delegation. the in part taken has who else everyone as well as work, delegation and committee in the taken part have who my colleagues and its expertise all for Commission the tough negotiations, its Presidency for Swedish the this work: in involved been has who everyone thank to would like I
legislation The banning European-level by introducing or control economic of rights and citizens' employees' strengthening by tax' - 'Tobin the as such - on speculation tax a introducing by example for shareholders, and markets of the dictatorship the counterbalance to unable proved once again has EU redundancies.
future. selling our are we energy, about while chatting Indeed,
funds. these of use the of and supervision follow-up best the guarantee to method working a and strategy a adopt must JPA The now
considerations. incidental are growth and employment which in approach monetarist strictly a by determined be they to appear since us, concern to of some a source are economic of policy broad guidelines the on Council the to recommendations Commission's The
list! Christmas its on everything absolutely get not did Parliament
priorities. our among which were of some issues, other on been progress made has no or little that note to have also we Unfortunately,
States. Member the above institutions European of the rights of Charter be, a to intended never and was not, Charter is The
People work' not will currency the single of legislation, unification integral and state European single a "without argument: next logical the then and war' and a crisis have will we market, single the without not work; does single market the currency, single the "without structure: European the of adages old false the out trotting with constantly content themselves .
the G20. supported and history of wastebasket the into G8 the threw that statement a made Brazil President of the yesterday, Just
It digital a indeed is children's future our that apparent increasingly becoming is, however, future.
Iran to is destined negotiation any that fear therefore and we fronts, energy and industrial, financial economic, on the unassailable and invincible be to itself considers fail.
celebration. for cause no is it legislation, European of heart the at put be to time, first the are, for (SMEs) enterprises medium-sized and small If
to take. about is Cabrol Christian that initiative the about particularly more and Union, the of citizens the between the strengthens solidarity which initiative about any glad be must we constructive innovation, this await we While
I with 2007 January by 1 Union European the join to ready be Romania will believe Bulgaria.
these. of some relating to key points few a mention only can I Therefore,
nine. amendment on vote indeed do we that ask would I that, of In view
Frattini! Mr congratulate I
label. CE compulsory a small-scale craftspeople from exempting measure a introduced have we why and micro-enterprises procedures for simplified defended maintaining have we why is That
Liberalisation network the and continued be must improved.
Berlusconi. President House by in this commitment taken the support to round rally and Presidency Italian the advice the follow of will countries other hope that I and role, important an to play Parliament European the for need the regarding Tsatsos Mr and Gil-Delgrado Gil-Robles Mr by report in the taken line the endorse therefore I
ahead. lie discussions critical and days critical agreement, but that reach and to try our endeavours in earnest is Presidency British that the is guarantee can What I
that. know you sure I am
role. active an on take also to Union European the for has come However, time the
Procedure. of Rules the of 103(2) Rule in with accordance tabled for resolutions motions six received have I
issue. discussing this before month a wait to have would we them, listened to we because, if politically, Council, the of care will take we behalf; our on the with Commission speak please Commissioner,
Union. the European in promote to have we freedom that very this is it I think and freedom our it restricts disproportionate, is It
stay away. to better do would He
debate. the to come now We
omitted. it what for also remarkable was report that the say I May
be naive. not us let So
EU. the of militarisation and the 'climate change' 'public-private partnerships'), the (including so-called Strategy' 'Lisbon the of objectives neoliberal the words, other in priorities': 'new emphasised has it hand, other On the
schemes. pilot implement to and concepts develop new to how other each from learn also can industry of two sides the if level at European value added there is Furthermore,
2001. of end the by us cancelled with contracts their had will have 93 and them, 126 of There are
the ground. to to fall victims the first will be project, they European the for citizens of the consent for to ask have they when later, or sooner strategy, a such with carry on they if that understand will States that Member hope I the day of end the at But
Madam to to return had has in debate this delay the of because who, Metten, Mr my co-signatory, of behalf on apologise to like I first should Corporation, Xerox the by jobs of the relocation on Group Socialist of the behalf on speaking President, Holland.
accountable. held be to have responsible those and investigated, be to have crimes the be dismantled, have to groups paramilitary The
groups. political Parliament's European the of employees of retirement early the of issue to the found been also has A solution
unemployment. fall in corresponding a seeing not are % we - 2.7 to amounted growth 1997 example, in - for rates satisfactory relatively at developing been years has recent in economy Europe's though President, Mr
text) the joint approved (Parliament
contains. it vitamins to the thanks illnesses, these cure and/or prevent to help may fruit Eating
take. must path we new a is this that conviction real of but out personally him for respect out of only not his position, tried back to have we knows President The
a policy. such promoted who those for failure dramatic to a amounts this said that be to has It
go. must Commissioners sleaze, or gross mismanagement of found guilty and, if investigated swiftly and be thoroughly must these All
two headings. mention to just is that And
works. - are responsible authorities, protection data national the protection authorities, data the whereby - directive the under system the that shows This
ones. artificially manufactured the from hormones BST produced naturally the distinguish to able not which were investigations scientific seventeen the of results the problems with number a of still have we that say however must I however, public health, about talk When we
Summit. this with connection in my in country about happened what words few a say to like would I so and Lisbon, in place took Summit NATO the Madam President, (PT) - Group. GUE/NGL the of behalf on
Wolfensohn. James of efforts continuing the for support gratitude our and Council, the of behalf on record, place on like to would I progress, to continue can we Quartet, of the member a as of how, specifics the on However,
Minutes see received: Documents
57. and 56 simultaneously for has voted 56 number seat in sitting is who Member the why ask to like would I President, (DE) Mr
influenza). seasonal against million 87 to EUR compared France, in 990 million EUR Britain and Great in billion 1.3 EUR at estimated costs were the example, measures (for costly very were these cases, some In
Union. the European in cultures contemporary traditions and on and heritage natural and cultural on impinges this sector Furthermore,
institution. in corners each our fight have to we and achieve can we realistic what about be very to have we sometimes and roles play different also we because rows our had have we time, same the At
budget. its and programme work Foundation's the between close links up setting on be will placed emphasis Particular
cure. prevention and at aimed measures up therefore step must We
UNESCO. and/or Council the with of cooperation result as a exist already documents proposed that the once again, state, me Let
I in in Copenhagen achieved be will agreement an international that hope the provide not world would the in European Union the of role leading the adopted, and been have not would today in place are that policies our of most European Parliament, the of continued support the without that, underline like to would 2009.
answers. these of know many disease, already Creutzfeldt-Jakob BSE to from transmissibility on answer early an found quickly who the scientists, English opinion, my In
years. 30 or 20 next the over course our charting play in to role important crucially a will have It
pension. supplementary a to the of right portability of the improvement concerning report this prepared who colleagues other and Ria Oomen-Ruijten rapporteur the thank to like would I President, Mr first (LT)
States. Member our in those equivalent to safety standards create fact, in it will, that and Agency Energy Atomic International the by inspections of twelve recommendations the follows Temelín at work if the is possible, if confirm, to Commission the like would What I
of principles the self-regulation. with course of complying sporting context, strictly the beyond sport of activities the to relating principles of codification or consolidation of kind some following court in disputes be more that would there believe that certain organisations sports of views the with disagree I
desire. or want they what not work is this if work even seeking those of list the join to women forces that law is a because there precisely numerous more far seem always therefore Italy jobless in The
out. be carried to consultations necessary the thus enabling longer, rather take to stages some principles, for these to both justice do to order in tolerable, view, my in is, It
out. off better would be UK The
itself'. life with but up gives man honest no which alone, that for freedom - for but fighting, are that we honours nor riches, nor glory, for truth not in is 'It guided: here is work my all upon which principles up the well sums document centuries-old That
winegrowers for premium Permanent abandonment
them. to with shoulder shoulder stand to duty moral our is It
Today, to the independence of restoration the to obstacle serious a is immigrants 500 000 Syrian of presence the country.
Mexico? with negotiations cooperation and of trade progress the on statement a make Council the Will
climate destabilisation. of problem the solve not will simply That
We do they ensure that to together work all must so.
bureaucracy. unnecessarily large an it with carries committee new another yet that rapporteur the with agree I
We Lindeperg's Mrs debate to enable us to pm 12.15 about at them interrupt report. shall
xenophobic? and racist being on bordering are themselves and action such so to not favourable are forces political influential some as speedily proceed to not attempt underlying some there is Or
We an come to can Philippines in the penalty death the and a reality become can abolition that that so congress, country’s that in penalty death the abolishing draft a present to going are parliament of who members Philippine groups of political support the must therefore end.
unaffected. will remain market the then emissions, g/km 200 with car a and emission 120 g/km with car a between EUR 80 of difference a is only there since, if achieved, be would car not – a buys decides he when consumer the what in shift major a effect to – namely desired outcome the result, a As
I are concepts two the way a in because frankness, his for him thank must contradictory.
transparency. for need the of account take not does and investors interests of the favours one-sidedly so and Council Parliament both the of the as position report, this for rapporteur as down step to like would I proposal, the Council's and vote of Parliament's thorough consideration following and, Lisbon of Treaty the agreements investment after bilateral for transitional arrangements on report the for rapporteur am President, I Madam (SV)
doctrines. class-driven misconceived and of funding lack through destroying them are we excellence, academic of centres class sustaining world creating and of Instead
noon. 12.00 at tomorrow place take vote will The
worked. have not because they enough not are principle, in of support principle, of statements so total; the of 10% is only which Commons of House the in Wales from 4 MPs women only have we the hand, other but, on parties political the by action positive of result the as women are assembly members national of our 40% represent, I which Wales, in that say to pleased I am
States. Member different the by identified supporters' or 'risk hooligans of personal data the to access would have These
sciences. life and biotechnology the regards as new-found courage Commission's the bolster to serve also should It
2003/0806(CNS)) - C5-0066/2003 - (6314/2003 staff Europol to applicable and allowances salaries basic adjusting the Decision Council of a adoption the to a view with Republic Hellenic the of the initiative on 2002/0822(CNS)); - C5-0555/2002 - (13873/2002 employees Europol to applicable Regulations the Staff amending Act adopting Council a to view a with Denmark of by the Kingdom initiative on the 2002/0823(CNS)); C5-0553/2002 - (13875/2002 - information of Europol confidentiality the on Rules adopting 1998 November 3 of Act Council the amending Act Council adopting a to view a with Denmark of the Kingdom by the initiative Affairs, on Home and Justice Rights, and Freedoms Citizens' on Committee the of on behalf Turco, Maurizio by Report (A5-0107/2003)
easy. not is It
As trade these awarding before waiver WTO a obtain to necessary is it Organisation (WTO), World Trade the of non-discrimination rule negative or positive the with not compatible that preferences are exceptional are these preferences.
this. of are aware We
However, stands Party Socialist Belgian the with everything odds at is That systems. pension States' Member agreements on European binding call for to which appear report in the elements are cannot support absolutely I what for.
government. Kohl's by occasions two on here sent also however, Bangemann, was Mr This
require. they information the of terms in nothing little or offers them slaughterhouse the number of registration the Naturally,
neighbour Croatia. its with crossings border 370 has some Slovenia Union Enlarged an of borders external the Subject: Securing
parliaments. of national role increased the and meetings Council public through openness more for as providing well challenge, as energy whole the and climate change effectively more tackle to us explicitly allow and us help will that Treaty this Reform in elements new of number a are there that changes, these even without works Union after the all, say that, who you of those not forget, Do
mileage. lifetime total their 75% of exceeded have they parts when spare engines with and vehicles transport road retrofitting to not apply does directive present The
North. the for High strategy a endorses which resolution, this favour of in voted I why is That
partners. their and Germanies two the between consultations regular for way the pave to met European Council an extraordinary Mitterrand, of Mr initiative 1989, the on November 19 On
mandate'. monetary its with incompatible are recapitalisation - bank a finance to or a deficit budget as directly finance to such - problems structural resolve to Monetary Fund International the from contributions financial March: 'However, for monthly report its in writes - Catholics to is Vatican the is as conservatives German to which - Bundesbank German The
Statute? the with in accordance Central Bank, the of the disposal at be placed will that euros 39.46 billion the outside that fall reserves the is, that reserves, free the of management to the regard with banks central the national and the ECB between relationship exact the be what will Firstly,
Convention. the in chapter this on obtained results unsatisfactory somewhat the by is shown as future, immediate the in much too these on count not must we for, report calls the which principles, federal with in up accordance drawn budget European a and coordination economic overall of strengthening for As the
on Fisheries. Committee the of concerns and the views represents and done well is which report his Macartney for Mr thank to want I President, Mr
your committee. by to you proposed been have which amendments of the three highlight to like would I respect, in this And
newsreaders. television as resolution - for a asking not we are - informed well as least at be should we that and issue this debate to able be should we that sense makes it and statements, made also have Minister, Spanish the Fisheries, including or Agriculture for Ministers negotiations; some restarted and proposal a new submitted has in - Morocco still is if he know not do - I Prodi Mr television; on live negotiations Fischler suspend Commissioner seen we have days few last the simple reason: in very a for so did We
Otherwise, will moment the at in are we fear we that the deadlock continue.
sector. milk the of assessment forthcoming at be the reviewed is to States Member few a only on concentrated is aid of payment that the fact that confirm - can I sector this in occurs that overproduction the from arising here issue an also is there - butterfat of subject On the
say. to had Swoboda Mr what heard also have You
This reduced. being is method coordination open the utilise to pressure the that therefore, means, slowly
the negotiations. in Commission the for of difficulties way the in much too created not has that this I hope Moreover,
institutions. three the among agreement an subject to they were unless odd bit little be a would scenarios Both
The many with an account be to proves It abstention. 1 with 2 to votes 55 by committee in adopted was you before a resolution for motion contrasts.
the EU. joined States Member ten new since years two now is It
that. prove to opportunity golden have now a you Commissioner,
budget reinstated. of the draft preliminary the in included approbations the wants It
Germany. in trouble in deep refugees are thousand that 35 fact the aware of became I June of end at the President, Mr .   
11.30 a.m. at tomorrow place take will vote The
But that does what mean?
Mr important this on Fourtou Mrs congratulate want to I President, report.
hitherto. done has been than clearly stated be more should objectives the future the in that think also I and evaluation criteria, explicit requires evaluation good that a in mind borne be should think it I
while. little for a but not afternoon, this for scheduled is to, referred you have who Barnier, Mr For example,
today. noon at place take vote will The
is violence? this think not you Do
increase significantly. will responsibilities our and power our years, next few the In
change. rapid undergoing world a of trade and needs the developmental environmental, of balance delicate the to fixes easy and quick no are there that clear it discussions made have The
stands. it as authorities Indonesian the to out goes support of future message no in that ensure to us on now is onus the killed, not were people that ensure to failure our past Despite
January    1 until namely remains, time that short the in countries both by be done to deal left great a is there steps, important and necessary the took Bulgaria again once and Romania year, last although gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, President, Mr – 2007.
Many European benefited from any hardly has floriculture for date, to grants any received not has which of agriculture branch subsidising a start now should policy agricultural the why wondering well be may people grants.
call. roll by taken be amendments number of a on vote the that requested Alliance has Free Greens/European the of Group the as Rule 160, of basis the speak on risen to have I
expenses. travel receive to not again decided we have that sorry very I was that say to wanted just I President, Mr
That Parliament. to present shortly are Commission the and Presidency the what to forward look I why is to
It May in us joined that ones ‘new’ ten the those of against States Member ‘old’ 15 the of interest the set intended to draft is this that been given has impression the that regrettable however, is 2004.
Minutes see received: Documents
jobs. more by creating and growth economic creating greater by economies own our into dividends return they that guarantee but we funds those and wealth capture only that not we that ensure to way a find must We
ERDF. the concerning reading second recommendation at our House the in tomorrow to approve chance the has Firstly, Parliament
tax-free commodity. a not are cigarettes know, you As
proposal. current Commission' s with the agree we matter, this on why, is This
stake. at are also of civilisation model European the of validity and credibility The
wishes. their with accordance in which is construction European for a support create and choice, in their them help would This presents. advantages it the and has achieved Union European the what aware of public general the make to therefore, try, us Let
natural phenomena. said by the posed dangers face to ready must be Union European The
easily. more place takes Europeans million 300 for coins and notes of introduction this that ensuring of terms effect in positive a have be going to doubt no are which and States some Member in already applied have been useful, which be to believe we ideas which of is series a there Finally,
essential. are the EU across rules Binding
today's. than attractive and more positive be that can future a about it is cave: a in candle a around shivering about not is It
We Member the territory of the in station last the at the material seize only can States.
market. job the for unsuitable are which do things those only can they as market, job the enter not will children Such
course. of matter a as well maintained are very these vehicles that experience my is It
needs. agriculture that is it exactly what about talk to position a be in will we week next after and are estimates what the see wait to must We
all. at has changed personal position your whether you ask to wanted Reul, I Mr President, Mr
ratified. been has Constitution draft the once be will as it and now it is as situation the presenting and of objective being very of merit dual the have believe that I prepare documents to undertaken already had Commission the that to explain tried I simply, Quite
much. too protest report doth the methinks Shakespeare, Mr apologies to With
time. second a voting into Irish poor the bullied you and denied referendums, you referendums, ignored You
States. United in the than Europe in workers for young flexibility more is There
sources. renewal energy in investment and consumption energy responsible efficiency, energy increase must we time, same the At
countries. other some States and the United from opposition strong despite the backtracking, any for in go to not world persuade the to managed we lucky that ourselves should count climate, we the considering and whole the On
standards. social with international and environment both the with deal will to have December, in held be to is which Singapore, in conference ministerial that the Organization Trade World the decided within we concerned, is the environment as far As
must this in workers to threat the services and public on the attack both against protest vigorously therefore I field.
This areas. on concentrate efforts Union's European the that fact the shows information two
March. 14 is today's date that fact the despite note January, - 1997 January 31 to 1996 December 31 from i.e. month, by one premiums for abandonment permanent presenting applications for limit the time postpone to proposal Commission the with procedure, urgent by are dealing, today we and gentlemen, ladies Commissioner, President, Madam
in For result would budget the of reading the middle of the in this change to trying rules, old as under the process budget this year's implementing about agreement full in are we thing, one chaos.
came not is BSE which in areas in only originate should these products manufacturing in use for material bovine that to recommend but option no has the committee time, present At ' the quote: I and conclusion, following the to committee The epidemic.'
proposal. Commission original the compromise to sensible brings a now which report his on Schmitt, Mr our rapporteur, congratulating by begin to like would I President, Mr
patents. pay for these to asked being are farmers now and generations, the through down handed wisdom traditional on based are companies by biotech patented varieties plant new many know, we As
sought. being is market’ that competition-based ‘open and unrestrictedly the in play to part political a major has issue the report, introduce this to into attempted rapporteur that the aspect technical the Despite .   
process. constitutional part the of as essential are that the reforms out carrying continued without be enlargement can that believe who those to weekend the at out sent also was message A clear
reforms. structural essential of benefits the to feel begun People have
borders. across transferring funds in involved costs high mean the I which by public, the members many of by problem major a as seen be to which continues and addressed the rapporteur that one point is There
underspends. total the of % represent 70 out, points report the as which, projects innovative the and initiatives the Community for will support she offer that too hope I
the mechanism. jamming grit are that of specks the about wonder to better would be it requirements for great too is volume financial the conclusion that to the jumping rather than problem, but genuine a admittedly is funds of under-utilization The
initiatives here? any take to intend you Do
effectiveness. increase mean in an cases many in would change proposed the i.e. report, the of intention good the recognise I do However,
in spring. recorded rate % 0.8 the than growth of rate more rapid a 1998, in % 1.2 reach to employment in expected growth it that out pointed autumn it forecast, its made Commission the When
that. simple as as is It
It was expression of freedom that suggested has been violated.
Member In EU individual the in sector agricultural the of peculiarities the of account due take that criteria objective need my we opinion, States.
There on this questions still are there as problems, necessary cause the will which voices heard, their have to need they in which countries few a still are score.
siege! under there were people the when Berlin supply to able We were Europeans! us Shame on
The in developments recent the into consideration has taken it clearly and EU the outside from demand by driven this being about Commission talks Asia.
Thailand. from shrimps for and Thailand Brazil and from poultrymeat place for in is testing 100% as moment this at resources valuable of a waste would be missions such that considered is It
This other fund to weakened be which cannot budget, cohesion robust a requires absolutely convergence for need crucial this why is policies.
of all. least the people this, from benefits one no that affairs of state a sorry is It
Union. the of role 'military' the of talk we then can only international resolving conflict: for instrument an as war rejects Europe that emphasise to first need we role: s Europe'
I moment's a that point give Council will the of President the that hope thought.
energy. save must we and greenhouse emissions gas reduce must we obvious: is much this global warming, and climate change of times in Mr President, (DE)
p.m. 4.40 at was closed sitting The
economy. global the players in of major the currencies other the with in particular, and, currencies other representing those with currency, our of holders with relations multilateral bilateral and in and currency our of the stability in defending euro the of voice the reinforce to have undoubtedly - we today this mentioned speakers have many and - Thirdly
own? its of budget without a 2002, for planned knows, is everyone which, as CFP, the of the reform proposing Commission the is Why
outcome. conciliation this of favour voted I in .   
Union. European the future of the on discussion a real have ultimately can that we so make changes, to need we this respect in Precisely
should awarded grants be these written that it is since nowhere future, the in establishment their – earlier said I co-financing, as with together – promotes it reality in when these associations of punishment of kind a as Budgets on Committee the of the part on degressivity of maintenance the interpreted have to appears on Culture Committee The
contract. a of the subject be security to social and remuneration dismissal, recruitment, including employment of conditions general for call if we objections any have cannot Council The
group. in my it raised I do. could I that only the thing did and year last case this about read President, I Mr
address. to managed has problems it of broad spectrum the over UN the from plaudits won also has Government Montenegrin The
'cocoa-based fantasy.' name the fats, of vegetable qualities very different contain which products give to generosity our might stretch we most, At
policies those. towards have do we said, has Bowles Ms as indeed, And
What a define to on goes explained and earlier, I as process, a of definition the with begins decided upon we procedure.
eradication. poverty and education rights, human of fields the in notably ongoing, already is that assistance the continue will We
Jericho yesterday. in posts their left who countries very be the should – United States the and Kingdom United the – East Middle the in democracy encouraging about most talk who countries two the that tragic ironic and is it believe I
help. medical or legal any to have access do not They
field. in this work to desire the to stimulate Europeans, young for particular in sector, this in occupations various the of the status enhance need to we falling, is longer no unemployment when stagnating, is economy the European time when a At
Only of urban depopulation and the poverty female agriculture, in difficulties restructuring the countries, wealthier in including areas, many in of restructuring problems the example for difficulties, of kinds different tackle to possible be it will principles, sound these with then, areas.
measures. on clean-up insist to now things enough uncovered have Control Budgetary on Committee the and Auditors of European Court The
nuclear alternative energy. to an offer that sources energy proposing of challenge the is - support I which - and mentioned those of One
Middle East. the in situation tragic very a we face gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, Solana, Mr President, Mr –   
Eurobonds? issuing by programme European investment major a launch to liquidity greater us secures also and debt, guaranteed virtuous little a of means but, by inflation only not from us that saves currency a as euro the of think not why but agreement, in obviously am I well, Very
crisis. prevailing the Union on the European of views the expressing focus on to Parliament, European the in speech mine of first in this like, would I serious, very still is region the situation in the As
acts. parliamentary and its appearances in be represented will it how as such, its capacity in establish, to Presidency the to falls it therefore, and, representation its composition of the to decide State Member to each it falls provision, this from Apart
dismissed. have just we the one to identical almost is which Commission of a restoration the for voting not in unanimous therefore is delegation Democrat Social Danish The
dealings. their in honesty and transparency to ensure governments of failure the too so is but to blame, certainly is short-sellers and traders individual bankers, of greed The
against. ourselves defend to have we something is that and cold, in the out us put would It
intervene. to you allow directly which have instruments the you because world real the in crime fight to easier much is it of course, but - world digital the in world real or the in it - be place taken has that crime wherever crime, for excuse no is There - Commission. the of Member
necessary. is remit broadcasting a public-service assumption the that on work we must that analysis, the final in convinced, being whilst am, still I as very outset, from the television private-sector of introduction the of favour in was I
expenditure. includes course agricultural of which expenditure, compulsory to regard with none although has it expenditure, non-compulsory to regard with latitude of degree a have fact in does House This
offences. terrorist of prevention the be terrorism to has fight against the of tenet central a since Lefrançois, Mrs by the report of favour in voted I (DE) - writing. in
chemicals. friendly environmentally more much again straw, using from paper making of new process a seen have We
West. the here in us to inconceivable are levels that crime with countries on border EU states of the Some
future. our is that education; people’s in people, invest to in is chief task our Therefore
applause) (Sustained
currency. single the of success the with unconnected means no by are they fear and -, only words I in though - one problem the number of status the elevated to have we which unemployment, of especially reduction the importance, great attaches Union European the which to objectives self-contained are These things
first. Jerusalem refugees and like questions, hard the for solving solutions innovative explore to are trying Many
Internet. the to shine to through single market the by confidence created of ring the allow and cyberspace in European Union of the profile the raise should which domain, top-level .eu of the implementation the for provides discussing now are we regulation draft President, Mr the
we the in everywhere rights same be the guaranteed must providers and consumers services, financial for market single real a want If Union.
The gloomy fairly for and makes work, of piece thorough a very is report rapporteur’s reading.
responsibility. of burden heavy enormously an bear will together living couple from the stops or ahead going from wedding stops the and wheel the in spoke a puts now who Anyone
statistics. uniform obtain to and make progress to steps then, taken have, We
the future. and enlargement for EU the prepare way, thoughtful and open an in should, institutions EU governments and representatives, elected – people the with dialogue broadly in based – that idea the on based decision, historic unique a was up, it set Convention was the Mr President, when   
endless misery. on particular, in and, oppression on regimes, of based terrible a countries number poor the in that maintain home, at rights human their of proud so countries, wealthy the precisely is planet, it the of people poor the to refused are they countries because wealthy in assured only are rights human limited though Even
it. use actually will who ones the are they because possible use as to and easy as simple citizens EU for procedure initiative legislative the to make possible, as far as has endeavoured, Parliament that fact the welcome I
court. Agency' s the in is ball the meets, Agency Anti-Doping the World when 3 December, and until moment, the For
late. too little of too case a still is it seriously but obligations their take beginning to States are Member that appears It
guarantee. loan 65% for a proposal original s the Commission' debating are Parliament, we, in Consequently,
We on dependent areas and areas rural of the case highlight we also that essential is it believe fishing.
request) the agreed to (Parliament
it. extending of think you before order house in own your put must you that say you to I
positive. is it think so I Lisbon, of Treaty new the under fisheries policy common the of real needs the to adapts it and its scope clarifies report The
rights. human consistent protecting in be will the Agency that hope I nonetheless but doubt, little cast a have words Frattini's Vice-President Mr
games. policy foreign to play order in position dominant their abuse to materials raw strategic of suppliers for some scope limiting the while also suppliers, main the States vis-à-vis Member position of strengthen the will this as energy market, common a of creation the support Reformists, and Conservatives European the we, as therefore and initiatives, European other many with case the not is which coordination, and unity of possible greatest degree with the act should it where and in, get involved should EU the which area an is security President, energy Mr
matters. these resolve to trying in activities its of heart at the principle country-of-origin the on treatment equal has which group, blame our cannot you but intra-corporate transferees, and workers seasonal on directives be there will so to with, work have we approach the is approach sectoral the that appreciate particular Affairs in Home Justice and Liberties, Civil on the Committee we in hand, other On the
for 1997. report annual "maladministration" the in term the of a definition gave Ombudsman the Parliament, European the of request the At
condition. critical a rights are Minority
interests. their in be long-term, the in not, may which their behalf on taken been have that the decisions to know have States Member the in People
This no be can there that Council, so the of behalf on clear this make to like would I this. with associate ourselves us to for difficult not is it issues, these of NATO' view s shares Union European the as but, NATO context, a in seen be to has really a which question obviously is doubt.
May. of half second the by European Union of the Journal Official the in published be should it that and April of middle in the it expecting were that we I said debate today's in point another At
While advisory broader a include to Committee hoc Ethical ad our of mandate the enlarging to given be consideration suggests that it of interests, conflicts of notification for developed system well relatively a has Commission the noted that study the role.
direction. constructive essentially in an reading moving are second this for recommendation Parliament’s and position common Council’s context, the this In
straight. home in the is Croatia
(A4-0163/98) report Jiménez Redondo
standards. rights human with comply fully corruption and fight to needed are efforts further in Armenia, progress despite instance, for and, for stability essential is media the through views political expression of of freedom the that Georgia show in events Recent political
I to like would I embarrassment him caused if I and said he what accept apologise. fully
mouse. a birth to given has mountain the assessment: give my shall I package, social the assessing when times many been uttered already have late' too little 'too words that the fact the of light President, in Mr (CS)
sustainable development. and reduction poverty of objectives the on – support I strongly which – emphasis clear a with agenda, wide-ranging this in issues the on all progress make the to need underlined has Sánchez Moreno Mr
further. developed be to have also will of law the rule of idea The
writing. in vote of explanation an give could people who of names of list a accept we would if us President, asked you Madam
wording. of some changes accepted with be can and requirements, proposed the to supplement appropriate an are 4 and 3 2, 1, Nos Amendments
grown. is tobacco where thrive would other crop no believe that to hard find it I
to Luxembourg. but also Strasbourg, and Brussels institutions in our the of location to only not relating decision-making, of high level a concerns and priority high very a had has institutions the of location the of The question
Finally in arrived, letter a French.
cities. European selected water in drinking of the quality concerning a study evaluated Environment the and Ecotoxicity on Toxicity, Scientific Committee the Commission, the from request a following Finally,
The the is item next vote.
other involved. parties of representatives by as well as European Parliament, the and Ministers Council of EU's the us, namely over authority political have actually who those by accompanied will be We
officials. new recruit to the Union for need the and procedures appeals registers, documents, of the classification bureaucracy, involving excessive in result would text amended of the application strict a Ultimately,
reforms. pursing the in achievements their for Albania of and Bosnia the authorities congratulate we and ready, are they Now
conflicts. of resolution and prevention the with deals also Africa EU and the between relations of state the on report the policies, unfair trade of discussion Besides important the (DE) - writing. in
expressed. therefore not problem is the of magnitude The full
less. nothing and more provisions, nothing its by abide will I and Treaty the the of is guardian Commission The
independence. on referendum possible the for made are preparations when observed the be should whose recommendations Commission Venice the particular to in refer I
(SL) very was today Ukraine report on your Commissioner, clear.
tape. more red lot a out reeling come from not will it but needed, policy is climate of a implementation the for support Political
increased. has efficiency in which years two or one of the basis on be achieved, will workplace the in efficiency high constant that predict to hard also is It
situation. unacceptable remedy an to trying actually they are because stage, this at Commissioner the and Commission the by taken being the action to support full to my want give I Nevertheless,
systems. training and education of objectives future specific on the a report draft Commission to the for 2000 called in Council Lisbon the that point is first My
celebrate. to reason a indeed is the euro years of 10 President, Mr
I quite stating that in me to join were chairmen other group the if good be would it support, and emphatic our has this that group our behalf of on stress to wish clearly.
constitution. the need we that convinced firmly are – Group our of section PPE for the am speaking I here – and we because support, can Union European the of countries all outcome which an at arrive ultimately we that so timetable, a draw to up you ask constitution, we On the
countries. applicant the in societies of equilibrium the and future the for issues essential these are Union, because the of future the dangerous to is which approach of narrowness a present, shows at do to tend Netherlands, the and Germany as States, such Member certain what which is view, of an point accounting from solely this problem tackle To
term. parliamentary current the achieved be during to 2000 is Agenda process if particular this in is Council Parliament and the between cooperation important how stress me let time, and good in concluded be can it that ensure help to 2000, Agenda of aspects the all at close look very a taking are Parliament you this that in also know I
attention. you for Thank you
rings. teething or rattles dummies, on suck chew or that children testicular in ailments and kidney liver, cause can which phthalates, some of nature carcinogenic and toxic the animals shown have on Experiments
help them. to order our in legislation in necessary a progression for care calls their in children young with Europe in widowers and widows many of situation the President, Mr
manner. polarised less rather a in my views present can I perhaps Leichtfried, Mr President, (FR) Madam - Council. President-in-Office the of
mechanism. defence temporary the and complaint the WTO is that necessary, is joint response double a that holds The Commission
one. a balanced is outcome circumstances, the the of light the in that, believe we negotiations and difficult lengthy and after achieved was this that here clear it made also has Rehn Mr
Hopes many for been have they than now higher are East Middle in the for peace years.
I black or transponders carry to the or obligation example, for refuge, of ports the aforementioned weather, bad in sail setting of prohibition the as such issues, sensitive involved outset, the from that, text on agreement a a definitive reaching to close very are we today and paid off has both institutions between cooperation that believe boxes.
Byrne. Commissioner you, Thank
unacceptable! be would and that than decrease, rather increase fact, in would, price countries, the some in that, mean That would
was. mandate Seattle the your of status what you asked I morning, this meeting our in Lamy, Commissioner
stemmed. be can violence tide of this rising that so too, strengthened, and re-evaluated must be absolutely it extended, but be doubt will no the ground on personnel MONUC the to given mandate The
progress. achieve to disposal its at means all intention employ to Commission's European the I welcome spirit, that In
US. the by dominated extent, large is a to today, which market, high-tech fast worldwide growing this in share a to gain secondly, and and autonomy, systems navigation other global from independence Europe's firstly, reasons: two key for system satellite navigation own global its up to set decided EU The
education. foremost in and first investment, public need We
I that doing in they are but what programme, ERDF the of part as example for on prevention, emphasis greater to put opportunities has already Commission the that out point once again would connection?
wealth. create currency cannot A
governance. Arctic on October last resolution our on from follows clearly this debate President, - Mr Group. ALDE the of on behalf
enforcement. correct its to monitor not and legislation the existing to enforce not leeway considerable given States are Member the Furthermore,
filled. be to need and interpreters, translators for are which of most States, Member new ten the from for officials positions remaining particular, the In
possible. papers make green which parties interested and citizens of consultation the broad welcome must that we believe spirit, I this In
brief. very be shall I Mr President, (ES)
this point? on Chair, just in the continuing in interest of conflict a have might you that possible it is Socialist, Spanish as a background esteemed your given President, Mr
the euro. introduce preparing to are that States Member of territory on the provisions its to and apply States, Member area euro between road cash by of euro transportation cross-border the on regulation of the of application scope the widen to appropriate is it that believe I
Asia. from with imports faced advantage essential competitive an is It
successful. very we rapporteur, were as MEP green as AFET/SEDE, In - writing. in
basis. and strict lasting fairly principle a on this to adhere to decided been has it Amsterdam, Since
full. the to life lead to opportunity the have not do and basis daily a on poverty with struggling work, are in those even Europeans, poverty, many reason for main the is Although unemployment
species. fish these in managing role leading a take Commission must the that, of Precisely because
ignored. are high quality its and education of equality issues of if the exclusion not prevent will policy social Good
more. even be or 25 may there future, the In
security. Israeli of interests the serves state, stable Palestinian a to be there for Europeans want, What
it. of make to criticisms some trenchant had which the Commission, to submitted was Religion Law on The
NATO. with link the and relations weakening transatlantic without Policy Defence and Security European a develop to going are we that fact the applaud I
political will. strong a is required is What
information. your for this I mention
procurement. with connection inclusion in social and opportunities equal as such objectives, and employment social certain pursue to authorities contracting enabling by is account taken be into criteria to social want we which in way second The
active. unusually to be citizens our prompted which regulation a was package telecommunications the President, Mr (PL)
again. once the agenda on is gentlemen, China and ladies Commissioner, President, Mr
account. into taken be to they need - social aspects the forget not do you evaluation, your when make you that, ensure to you to ask like also I would
example. is one this and cooperation, for trilateral room is there Africa, as continent such a on Clearly,
vote: the After
agreements. trading guarantees and Community Bank, Investment European the from credit more measures, investment, budgetary of package a declaration, but a just not is needed is What Community level. at suitable response a will consider and imagination and with enthusiasm situation tackle the will Commission the debate this following President, that hope, Mr I do
origin. British meal of animal of recent years, during France, into imports figures on reliable provide to able been has - syndicates professional of presidents directors, administration central minister, interviewed - persons in authority the of none control: to customs regard disease, with cow mad on Assembly French National the of of Inquiry Committee the of report the by given been just has indication frightening A
assets. internal banks into central national the of reserves exchange the of fraction transforming a effect of the have will monetary union So
know. certainly Member Honourable will the as however, Council, the of jurisdiction the within not fall does This
The the of history risk and the ships the of age through the highest risk, the constitute which the ships find, we how select, we how but inspected, rather are 25% only that not is problem flags.
soil. the of situation on effect the absolute an have to going is and occurring already is which glaciers, the melting of the shortage and water of problem about the done being is nothing in which example, for area, change, an mention climate Not to
may. if I item, Schengen the to Now
globalisation. of process this control to position a in are we not whether is or here question the that Vecchi colleague Mr my with agree I
Far at interests industrial own its protecting markets, while other people's to access to gain rules trade uses country that how reveal barriers US tariff the poverty, of out nations poorer help to agenda development of a centre the at being from home.
have. can step effects this positive the show and to possible it is that demonstrate charges to environmental higher introduce to be free must country A
Union. European the for priority geostrategic a are America with Latin relations that again once to emphasise I want
fails? diplomacy if resort, last a as used it Should be
thoroughly. more proceed to able be to as so carefully more bit a the timeline structure to desire the expressed times several have Committee we Chairs, of the Conference At
alike. people and for benefits business calculable and providing EU the of and length breadth the evenly spread that links creating transport market, single that of symbol potent a are networks trans-European The
them. one just of this is and implications practical and real very are there So
forward. step enormous an was consultation information and on week last happened what Malone, Mrs
future. in process the on discussion an open conduct will Commission the that and seriously concerns Parliament's Finance take of Ministers the and Council that the hope I
In aid. constitutes costs energy and fuel subsidising that note I Mr Arnaoutakis, to response operating
in voting by gesture symbolic final, a alone: make them for and Development, on Committee the of members fellow for my proposal a have I and the text, from deleted name be my that request I them, forgotten not here have of us some that countries ACP the to a message send to order However, ‘no’.
Treaty. the Constitutional rejected which two the in and ratified already have which those in to ratify, still have who States Member the in – Europe throughout disagreement if necessary, and, debate explanation, reflection, of longer period a be to there for and be to Council, heard European the appeal of the was which appeal, should this like I part, my For
not. do they sometimes and airport same the for amount same charge the all airlines Sometimes
vote.(1) to the proceed now will We
It and flexible both be negotiations that essential is therefore result-oriented.
debate. interesting very a for all you thank like would to all, I of first President, Mr
Dialogue. of Intercultural European Year of the extension an clearly policy of terms in is Innovation and Creativity of Year the as 2009 of choice the addition, In
rules. strict by abide must which abattoirs, our and production, improve to efforts enormous made have farmers, who our competition for unfair is It
will October 31 until European Commission the of appointment the and votes our result of the Council of European the of President the and Council the of Presidency rotating the inform I immediately 2014.
part-session. next December the agenda for setting the now are we and for January the agenda to change a for asking are you Cavada, Mr   
category. this belong to currently agreements Air
announced? have been that cuts budgets the compatible with Strategy the 2020 of words the in contained the ambition Is
money. tax EU's administer the to ability Commission's test the to Parliament opportunity for an is procedure discharge The
Mira. Solbes much, Commissioner very you Thank   
Any and questions provoke will always boards various on activities other doubts.
rights. their of recognition and the attacks the to end an both impose to desire their and revolt shown their clearly have threats terrorists' the who, defying women Algerian the of courageous struggle to the tribute pay must We
Commission ski use who those of all of safety the namely interest, issue public of real a is this that recognizes The slopes.
done. they have work excellent on the Petitions on Committee the of members of the all and rapporteur the again once would congratulate I
broken. regularly are rules stricter new, these if revoked derogation that have use professional for a derogation for apply which Member States that those now, ensure, to to the Commission appealing by debate conclude this only can I
these states. in fund the of budget implementing the for responsibility ultimate to take Commission the allow to as so countries involved, of the territories the in standards of implementation the for therefore provide should This agreement
The like public bank, just tissue a as accredited to be companies private for opportunity the therefore, provides, proposal Commission's organisations.
Lisbon conclusions? in the do to challenged was as it inclusion, social on this year June by with forward come Commission will the example, for proposals, What
door. the through push to were unable they what window the through push to trying treaties are trade free these that can see we again, Once
aid. Community of effectiveness the improving importance in paramount of are Africa in of Education Development for the Association the UNESCO and with intensive cooperation and more on Education, Experts of Group of the help the with national and projects, measures Community between complementarity more and coordination better Parliament that European the of view the shares Commission The
it. against voted therefore I and accept I cannot that is something This
priorities. the of one be will prevention period, where the forthcoming for programmes their in actions appropriate to include invited States are Member
involved. of negotiation type the of also involved, but countries of number and identity the only of not account on WTO counterpart its from differs agreement The MAI
process. peace the launch to thence country and in the stability security and regain to Government DRC the ask to essential therefore is It
retires. enterprise or medium-sized small a owner of when the arises often that situation the tackle to action take to the need to point to want Firstly, I
State Consistent Member Community and both a on mechanisms monitoring of improvement the is so and important, is rules local of the creation in partners social of participation level.
nature. of this instrument an without cultures other from women suffered by harassment the all and crimes honour genital mutilation, combat to is possible not It
immigrant women. of situation the to attention particular draw to like, Commissioner, would I
any progress. see we not do because report progress the Turkey against voting is Group Attack the gentlemen, and Ladies (BG)
year. every citizens of European of thousands lives the prolong and donation save organ and Transplants (RO)
ago. years twenty or ten five, than possibilities greater far have now We
examine. invite to would you I that the documents in contained figures the with tally not does and reality the not is It
eradicate it. to and then possible, as quickly as epidemic cholera the contain to initially support, medical real need Haiti also people of The
Bank. Investment European the or Plan Puebla-Panama the as such capital, benefiting transnational projects of series than a rather people, the benefiting regional level, at development sustainable towards geared must be and cooperation trade that believe I
Commission. the position to sugared or weak a presenting in point real no is there perspective, From political a
I originally as Directive the to implement going fact, in States are, Member 25 of the three only learned that I when week last amazed totally was intended.
Kong. Hong to relation in now exists that situation the change not does this However,
disturbing. deeply all are law of the rule evident of lack and against minorities discrimination torture, arrests, arbitrary of prevalence The
a whole. as Balkans in but the in Kosovo just not happens, what with line the on credibility is s Union' the that saying in correct is entirely she course, Of
I the of will the and market forces on above all, depends, operate to continues not Qimonda or whether that know shareholders.
sitting the of Opening
this process. to reaction next its will give Swedish Presidency when the is that not, or complaint this to up take going are they whether to as say their give they When
I the in stated is than time more little have a actually because strict, we particularly been not have rules.
feasible. technically is it couchettes; buses with air-conditioned in animals all transport could you Admittedly,
nature. any of risks the values, highlighting cultural or landscape and historic, risks possible uses, the as well as variables other and structures typologies, soils, of biography include a catalogues must These
points. main the on up picked already have members my fellow gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner Patten, President-in-Office, Mr President, Mr
months. recent happened in has as 50%, by it raise not and by 25%, burden bureaucratic the reduce to order - accounting in precise and correct - essential is what to reverts that here party working a establish should We
competitiveness. on concentrates which and is specific which plan an action want we this time that none, and there were priorities that many so were strategy, there Lisbon the with that, says he when press, French the in head the on nail the hits Verheugen, Mr industry, responsible for Vice-President The
without delay? of children' protection the for measures and responsibility 'parental of respect in Cooperation and Enforcement Recognition, Law, Jurisdiction, on Applicable 1996 October 19 of Convention Hague the ratify to may proceed Member States that assurances give Commission can the level, EU at raised been have field competence this in of questions certain that Given
this? do able to be will Who
concerned. are financing and compatibility their where including reasoning, commercial purely by governed be cannot therefore they investments, and on immediate return an bring will which objectives not are these Thus,
today. rates interest drop in coordinated also the with and meeting yesterday, Ecofin the of the case in specifically, institutions work: European the that time in demonstrated been has It
report. the of the improve content to as so approved are tabled we proposals the that hope We therefore
level. authority local regions at and our in times many raised been has subject, it because this with dealing are we good that is It
According artificial or partially of totally tonnes 000 130 produced Naples in families Camorra of number by a up set butter adulterating scheme for the available, latest information the to butter.
mistake. political serious a as well as flawed, juridically be to found be will protocol British the that belief my is It
subject. the on say 1999 to has for programme Commission's the what see shall we but these, to develop be difficult will it says Mrs Bjerregaard
costs. of external issue the of course, including, also classification, tariff to relating issues into times, nor several mentioned been also have regulations, which associated and syndrome" Betz "Willi the into nor haulage industry, the road in status self-employed artificial of means by - roads the on - even cost-cutting adopted tactics incredible the go into not will I and hours, working issue regulating of the on touched I already have
are needed. changes that legislative the agreeing in progress steady been also has There
many I national of and Parliament this of attention special attracts the China vis-à-vis embargo arms EU the that know parliaments.
this Report. measures in the support cannot therefore Conservatives British The
disaster. change climate and the crisis economic the of view in European Union the in change to needed much how out pointed he which in yesterday, speech Sarkozy's great President of you all remind like to would I
satisfaction. any MEPs course, us give of cannot, this that President-in-Office, Mr appreciate, you will but response, this for Council the President-in-Office of the thank also I would President. Mr Thank you,
economies. and our lives to and Europe of future the to research European of importance the to as signal a clear sends concerned and issues to the devoted been has attention much that proves clearly morning this made number speeches of The
desirable. is quantities than larger in consume children which like the and sweets drinks, are soft here with are concerned all, we above What,
alike. individuals governments and from goodwill and aid outpouring of the with globe, the across community of force the in collective our belief of strengthening the was this all of side positive The
vehicles. into devices screening alcohol introducing of possibility Council the about the in being conducted are discussions whether hear to like I should
Therefore provide to and certainty legal promote to countries, in these about bureaucracy something do to try to is important it believe I support.
cartridges. of their prices and the shapes of because competition rules Community infringing are manufacturers printer the whether determining of problem the on focused have inquiries Our
guaranteed. be must data transfer of free the goal: main second the of lose not sight managed to has it protection level of high a maintaining while because conciliation procedure the of result the support I
countries. partner to our clearly very that say to We have
digital content. Europeana's to disabilities with access people offer to importance paramount of is it that think also I
earlier. mentioned I those are issues key the that suggest partnerships such to rise gave analysis, last the in that, problems real the of an evaluation and communication the of careful reading A
too. own analyses of our basis the criteria on the meets it concerned, that provided the country with negotiations undertake to Council Parliament European the to recommend can we Then
stake. at are interests national their when an inch give not will time the same at but idea European the of supporters strong be to themselves consider leaders political whose States Member are that there regrettable is It
(continued) Timor East Situation in
I strategy for EU real a about brings Summit European Roma Second this that wish Roma.
political and instability. international uncertainty great of time a Union at the of presidency assumed Government Greek the President, Mr
Strategy. Lisbon anti-labour anti-grassroots, EU the in as expressed capital, of and objectives choices the to research scientific of adaptation the and performance competition, of criteria the on focuses and science, and knowledge researchers of Union of the movement within of freedom the freedom, fifth so-called the of the application promote to aims Infrastructure Research European on regulation a for a proposal The (EL) - writing. in
One any nothing for counts opinion our that thinking forgiven for be might almost more!
Africa. in involvement China's of consequences disastrous sometimes note about the critical any sound to failure is a there that me strikes It
past. the in applied Union European the of policy development the from away break does really Africa and Union European the partnership between strategic on new a Michel Louis and Commissioner European Commission by the proposal the President, Mr –   
States. Member 27 by all been ratified has peacetime, penalty in death the prohibits unconditionally which Rights, Human on Convention European the of 6 No Protocol
. being battle a is there in Ireland constituency my in President, Mr    fought.
administrations. tax between information of exchange the and tax systems in transparency promote to been has policy this in key element A
mobility. virtual replaced by be which cannot experience educational an as promoted be mobility must physical research, career in towards a looking is student a When
14.
view. my in too far things taking is them, entice to order payments in from newcomers exempt simply to but payers, as net a role from States poor Member protect to quite happy am I rapporteur, the Like
this. to reply appreciate a would I
violated. be to rights continue fundamental which in world of the part other every indeed, in and, Iran in conditions the same under live women who and men the all of in defence also but Sakineh, of defence themselves in mobilised have community international entire the and Parliament European the weeks, In recent
concerned. area the within staff qualified of lack the Brussels of because also and in be taken to needed case s the EU' in decision because every almost either work, not did it rule, a as that, areas was different in coordinating forces and assembling to view a with level national at Union the with cooperation I sought programme, s development UN' within the post responsible a in experience when, own My
Group. my of full approval the has report which a at arrive to able have been result we a As
First drug and crime organised corruption, of phenomena widespread the and regimes of authoritarian continuance the reform, economic a of lack Asia Central are in stability regional to serious threats most the all, of trafficking.
it. eat can they quantities in what and eat can they what informing them of a case is It
path. the right along go to wanted we if be 30%, should 1990, it from reduction 8% the of instead that said Environment Agency European the that given thought, all we than lower up reduction ended this debate, discussion and the in later, true that is It
demands. people’s to to respond course, of and, order international democratic and fair a construction of the to to contribute democratic, it more make to order in globalisation intervene in to century: twenty-first the of three challenges great to the respond to be able will the Union result, as a and, Union, the of relaunch a political all, and, above legal recasting represent a will which a Constitution have will we Conference, Intergovernmental the of the agreement to finally, and, Convention the of work the to particular in Thanks
through benchmarking. way, the cost-effective it do to we want and auction, by way, the expensive it do to want Some
proposed? been ever thing a such before has Where
savings. and shares of value the in collapse the crunch and credit the by hit hardest are who ordinary families is It
training. of equality and access of equality opportunity, of equality being: ones important most three aspects, the of number a consider areas, we employment so in well doing not are who groups or groups disadvantaged number of a touched upon have already speakers of number a as that, important is it available is time that limited In the
regulation. detailed than rather market, internal the on their products sell wish to manufacturers who those tyre for requirements minimum the in increase an advocate would I committee, and the the Commission unlike However,
provisions. contains positive a directive for proposal s Commission' the view, of point From this
work! not did revival, it demographic achieve To
them. of couple a on expand to like would I
energy. and culture, communications water, education, health, of areas the particularly services, in public economies and their preserve to right governments' respect and public services quality support security, and sovereignty food promote havens, abolish tax priority to top a it consider not they did that is deplorable It
Treaty. the Constitutional into roots to reference Judaeo-Christian the against inserting not was he that the Bundestag in stated who Schroeder, Chancellor of words the recall to also like would I choice, this oppose to ranks forming are who those to now Turning
so. rightly quite and tragedy, Bosnian the of experience the from learn hoped to had Gradin Commissioner
this. on work have to will We
six months. last the of results the about dialogue social and information communication, of in-depth round more a have but agenda the on to not do move we that propose I is why that and dream, still a but reality a yet not however ourselves is seeing of way This
Union. European the in democracy true lack of about the criticism constant encounter hand other the on I do
Furthermore, all European on substantial restrictions for need is a there when time a at Member States for certain capacity fishery national maintaining involves countries third with agreements for support EU fishing.
photocopies. been have There
manoeuvre. for room sufficient with left been have States Member the the other, on but, account taken into been have EU's priorities the hand, the one that, is on this in aspect important An
drug trafficking. organised against difficult war very waging a currently is Mexico that say to like also would I
conference. this by impetus provided the to thanks partly is it - solutions find us to are enabling of which some and crisis, the current rise to of gave which some - disposal our at data scientific adequate have to starting now are If we
havens. tax offshore on non-cooperative agreed also action was Decisive
older especially. women and advantaged less women, regards as specifically it, achieve to done must be possible everything strategy, 2020 Europe the of main objectives the one of poverty is combating As
possible. thought initially we had than policy defence security and foreign, of the aspects progress on greater perhaps make to impetus Convention the gave and it this from learnt Lessons were
This for important is statistics of comparison and evaluation the during Commission the and Central Bank European the between cooperation of questions and this interpretation comparisons, these cooperation, us.
Committee. the Scientific evaluation by the before concordance table a to reference make to acceptable not therefore and is premature it However,
Gradin. Mrs you, Thank
is. problem the bad how province, which demonstrates Kivu the in displaced been have people million a half and one than More
Finally, Amsterdam the in for provided been has which that with line into Justice of Court of the role bring the would decision Council a Treaty.
directives. these from result should measure that economic and political important enormously the of and efficiency the quality for criteria the are which issues, on fundamental certain guarantees to see have would however, I so, do to order In
system. judicial the to recourse limit excessive would tool new promoting this Furthermore,
begun. already have area the Schengen in Liechtenstein of Principality the and Federation Swiss the to include procedures fact that a is it Pirker: Mr to answer In (SL)
concerned. are limits speed and alcohol levels permitted where not least standards, safety and environmental stringent more introduce or retain States to Member permit rules' which 'minimum means European at level' 'harmonised phrase that the assume We
market. labour the women to on more get we can against women discrimination preventing by Only
At a too, in matter, this up took European Parliament the 2008, of end the resolution.
minors. of custody the allocating context of the in question on this emphasis more put much must we why which is decisions, enforce the to proves impossible it cases some In
resources. talk about own can we then and transparent, more and fairer system the Make
development. process the and democratic rights, human respect for justice, governance, good in resides peace to key the that convinced firmly therefore are We
continued. be to needs sector, aid and social the particularly in fulfilled, be to need needs which other many are There
effort. the duplicate must not we and moment, the at itself sector in the expertise of deal great a is there that however, must not forget, We
On be would production EU agricultural future proposals, available currently threatened.
amendments. three have tabled Greens the concerning which cases unresolved some still are there since Commission's accounts, the close cannot that we clear is it view, of point group's our From
indescribable. is and children, women particularly people, the on violence inflicted The
problem. European-scale a become have cormorants fisheries, so and populations fish on local impact direct had a has Union European the regions of in many surplus This
users. from increasing contributions and by people fewer by done the having work by of services, number the reducing by businesses, profit-oriented in private calling by achieved be to have would That
group. my by was tabled which 2, Amendment of the about wording groups other questions from received have I days, past few the over President, Mr   
Nations Secretary-General. United the of Myanmar for Envoy Special as Gambari, Ibrahim of work the welcome also We
world. and Islamic Arab in the and foremost first neighbours, our and Union European the between Union and the European within religions and the cultures between coexistence successful on dependent largely future is Europe's that House this can tell I
fit. saw he as so did and speak to minute one had he and not or to speak right the he had whether Hallam Mr tell to President the is to up It
out! losing is Portugal
Treaties. of breaches the serious event of the in States Member on impose penalties want to not does obviously quite Commission the that disturbing extremely is It
place. its have that should tailpiece a much very is therefore This
priorities. of importance the stress to like I Secondly, would
there! dying are People
Corruption corrupt a easier in life finds always crime organised but an abomination is itself in society.
   fleshed being is summer last Bush by exerted pressure how the shows clearly today's debate President, – Mr out.
international commitments. our respecting while opportunity earliest at the mandatory methods alternative of the use make to EU and the within cosmetics for testing animal ban to is aim The
(In legislative the adopted Parliament votes successive resolutions.)
work new of creation the and change climate on efforts both our supports This jobs.
That carried and out murder committed or collaborated who those protecting continue to him allows torture.
time. speaking exceeded my already I have that see I President, Mr
Control. and Prevention Integrated Pollution on the Directive and assessment impact environmental Directive the on by covered are activities These
Azores. the and bodies Madeira in with directly confirm able to been have I as regions, of outermost these needs the of short fall far positive but be may which proposals, s Commission' the analyse must we which in the context is This
successful. be to partnership agreement the for very important is it circumstances, these Under
immigration. illegal combat to practical action coordinated taking system and border-control integrated an up setting and means defining also Union the within security and stability Ensuring
I the EU’s of majority the represent another, or way one who, in and taking, is integration direction European what wonder who those have on effect little probably would injunction an such that given particularly make, choice to right the is what – fond is President, former the d'Estaing, Giscard Mr of which use expression an may I if – has come the time when fellow-citizens, telling our to itself limit should House that this actually think not do citizens.
population. Iraqi the of situation humanitarian the and Iraq northern future of the response to Union's the of question the raised speakers of A number
Kosovo. of future will the what be into insight an gain to need the is report my point in Another
political an signal. appropriate provide and society civil with dialogue of pursuance the facilitate programmes alleviation poverty These
Treaties. previous from authorized which currently is remit clear a has Council The
data. of set complete on a based was assessment the and years, several took inquiry This
short-sighted. and touchy both be to itself shows Parliament European the that mean report will the supporting Rothley true. But is it exist, Those
We be should policy cohesion that believe safeguarded.
Chamber. the in here book knowledge of your see remarkable to is it Ek, Ms
Fabre-Aubrespy. Mr you, Thank
being asked. is what on debate this us reassure during can Commissioner the sense if makes resolution this say would I
2010. in dismantling in for ships increase huge with the deal to books statute the on something get can we that speedily act and can we hope I Commissioner,
French. in comment make my to going I am (FR)
2020 strategy. Europe the of heart the at lies which growth sustainable inclusive of the growth, sort emphasise I why That is
strategy. clean-up European or global of form any planning yet as however, not Commission The is,
I in applied directive is time working the that ensure to power its in do everything will the Commission that you however, assure can, full.
of disasters. prevention the for aid is - aid reconstruction than important more even view is my in which - aspect second The
competition authorities. among discussions world-level for venue a provide to forum global competition launch a to initiative recent the is other The Organisation. World Trade the within standards competition basic, binding some introduce proposal to is the One
weeks' maternity leave. 16 to right have the currently women where France, in than more weeks four is leave, which maternity weeks' 20 to right the Union European the in on women to confer aims today passed text The
the climate. about talk when we discuss we something not usually is This
achieved. been actually have objectives of few these that a acknowledge has to one exercise, game’ the ‘raising the of impact the objectively and critically evaluate to had we If
given birth. have recently those who workers and pregnant of safety and health the of that mandate, original its on focus would report The
out? runs card their when go without to forced be and Britain, Great case in the is as advance, in electricity their pay to for asked be future distant too the not in users Will
2004. June of elections European the in take place that will debate great political the in position central a occupy will Parliament, it European the of approval the receives this if and - up have drawn one we the exactly be to it expect not we do - Convention draft the resembles closely that constitutional treaty a the Conference at governments adopt Union's the hand, other the If, on
States. its Member of quite few a than lower are costs administrative EU's the 6%, At
legislation. social reject to businesses wish small because not merely but involvement, greater access and greater have must they clearly role, and a have do business organizations Small
proposals. Commission's the of critical were Affairs Legal Committee on members the of the of majority the out that point and acknowledge must I hearing, that at committee and, in expressed been which opinions had disparity in enormous the a of result as hearing a hold to obliged felt We
Barcelona. in Council European recent the of outcome discuss the to today here are gentlemen, we and ladies Council, the of President-in-Office President, Mr
decision-makers. political the for standing not in and decisions political clarifying of matter a is as it this to problem, answers vital offered has - inventions biotechnological of patentability the of case the in Mieth's of Professor thinking am I and - opinions of individual practice The
being developed. mechanisms protection European national and the to all limitation technical serious a currently is there Unfortunately,
future. in - deliberately 'crimes' quite say I and - crimes these to stop do you to precisely want what and Liechtenstein with negotiating are exactly you what know to me interest would It
treatment. preferential of degree the to according northern countries the to increased access the latter guaranteeing other, while the on countries, southern of the integration the rules and and hand, one the on the markets, up opening of objective dual this line in with is WTO, the within November 2001, in instigated Doha at negotiation multilateral the view, of point that From
take off. to likely not is which research initiate to that matter, for or, on going be might otherwise which research to add can value Europe which ways at in look to have We
There early home go to want MEPs some if and p.m. at 5.30 voting ... is
I approach that find interesting.
discussions. of start the at very divided were opinions as Mr Schwab, negotiations, tough some very experience indeed did we and gentlemen, ladies Mr President,
European Commission. the of shame ultimate the to happened, Neither has
GDP. of 5% now stimulus is our that say and here stand proudly will you Europe, in million 25 unemployed reaches the of the number when that, guess I
all. for equal opportunities and field playing level a about establishing all is This
EU. of the those with comply laws their making Agreement to European of the part as themselves committed have states associated concerned, the are imports country third as far as that again out point would I reason For that
proposal. of the aspect one with a problem have however does EPP The
Pinheiro. Mr very much, you Thank
are built. people between bridges opened and are understanding of doors heritage, music and film, literature, sharing of the Through
family. UN the organisations in other and (UNEP) Programme Environment Nations United the (FAO), Organisation Agriculture Food and the (ILO), Labour Organisation International the Organisation (WHO), World Health and the WTO the between cooperation strengthen and to try need we mechanisms; rules and number of certain a rethink to We need right. are you (WTO), Organisation Trade World the of the reform concerning all, of First
peace. guarantee the to arrive should observers OSCE 1 800 that was agreement The
be. Union should the within powers legislative parliaments with national the of role the believe what I also This is
resolution. this support (LT) I - writing. in
met. been have Government National Unity the Palestinian of financing direct and recognition the for preconditions the consider that they Commission whether and the Council the ask therefore I
Ireland Northern on Resolution
term. longer the and in storage intervention on money of deal great a save will beef, we our eat people that ensure try to to money spend we If
important question. an such of case the in altered be not should institutions the between balance The
silenced. criticize are who Those
In of the Members the of that greater than cent per ten is that a salary receive Bank Central the European board of the of members the that Bank, said Central European the of the President Duisenberg, Wim question, Donnelly's to Mr reply his Commission.
in Hungary. extremism supporting indirectly thus is FIDES
laundering. money benefits against suggested the outweighs this occasion transactions on legitimate on impact negative proposal's The
2010. for budget reserve the in currently is which million 72 EUR the even exceed may Service Action External the establishment of with associated costs 2009, whereas from savings with met be will and million 23.5 EUR at are estimated President the and European Council the to related Costs
Commissioner. very much, you Thank
however. away, go not will ones of big the monopolies to the out lose will businesses innovative small, that The danger
individual. the for costs incurs time and takes It
Studies. for Political Centre European to the given and of EMU implementation the of favour in campaign the for being earmarked resources against also I am but of Rome Treaty the of signing the of anniversary 40th the of celebration the concerning items the budget to object all I Above
Roure. Mrs and Mrs Klamt back by the in stab a for alibi is cheap a fax and phone a of end the at Israel trip to an official on absence day three use his To
directive. waste disposal the Parliament supports European the in (FDP) Democratic Party Free the German terms, overall In (DE) - writing. in
It synthesised a get to try to this report, and hearings through House, this spectrum of the across from to opinions together bring manages it that committee of that credit the to is it and Petitions, on Committee the of route the via us to comes it noteworthy that is view.
freedom. and security, regarding justice priorities our on precisely debate thorough a and a after hearing Mr Cavada, Home Affairs, and Justice Liberties, Civil Committee on the of the chairman by up report drawn the with familiar course, of am, I
drown? to them allow and coasts our on desperate people dump beings human in traffickers day, every although, policy asylum and migration European coherent have a even yet not do we States, Member twenty over and people hundred million five include to the of to Union enlargement close so that, not appalling it Is
certainty. legal restore to act should the legislator happens thing sort of this When
Madam Amendment of sentence last the to amendment oral an propose to like would I our group, of behalf on President, 27.
players. MP3 to computers from search everything will personnel border control the concern that - concern justified is There
country. of his up opening democratic a arrange for to Enlai Zhou a democratic is need we What
Europe. including everywhere, violated be can rights human indeed because House, this complacency in for reason is There no
however. other areas, in changes to lead may perhaps regard this in breakthrough A
genders. the between equality also but women, men and of regards treatment as equality only gender not a goal as out sets it is that the directive of component crucial A
two reasons. for is This
saved. be could what save to confusion and entanglement of card to the play and parliaments national and public opinion treaties from the of reform of process the away snatch decided to have who governments the and Council European the Merkel, Mrs from initiative miraculous pending a for years two silent remain decided to have the which Commission, Parliament and This
However, of complicity the with Stalin by invaded illegally was that Bessarabia forgotten have many people convenient, politically it is because Hitler.
colleagues. elected her parliamentarian with up together locked again once is Zana justice, Leyla of mockery a was that a trial following situation, day-to-day and, the to improvements real any discern cannot they in legislation, changes despite that, complaining are particular, in Kurds, The
Mr to had Patten that Commissioner sorry very am I President, leave.
issues. these on could provide States Member new the that stimulus further the welcomed it and documents to access public and government open of forefront the at States new were Member the that stated Council European the in 1994, June Corfu in signed was EU the of , membership other countries' of number s, a and Sweden' concerning treaty the When
opponents. government's political the against proceedings judicial of line long increasingly an in one be just to appears case Beknazarov the that fact by the alarmed is also Commission The
subject? taboo perspective a financial of the revision the is directly: Commission the address me to leads This 2008. in begin to scheduled exercise revision the made allusions to the were brief how at surprised am I Finally,
million. 28 EUR or 19 billion GBP of order the in be cost could the confirmation that for asked would I have here, been authority in anybody Had
negotiations. substantive in engage to and their dialogue resume to willingness genuine demonstrate must sides both reactivated, be to are talks stalled UN If the
view. of countries' point Nordic the to Seppänen referred Mr
bankruptcy. with threatened institutions financial to support capital offer should they necessary, Where
mountain regions. for area target specific a about regulations to make it possible made not has areas defined the to support Funds Structural restricting of now until system The
care. health or education access to no have the globe across people in five one present, At
one. dangerous less a with substance a dangerous replace to ludicrous would be it Nevertheless, surely
national practices. account into takes that directive framework a by up be followed must report this reason, For this
of countries origin. the in and country host in the measure repressive and preventive with every it to combat need the on and phenomenon this of extent the on positions share our you that delighted, Commissioner, am I
For that have. Treaty the of out can we best the making and realistic approach a of taking favour in am I reason, this we
sensitivities. political accordance with in than law rather the with accordance in with dealt be should sensitive which issues, on play into come can as considerations resource well as considerations political which in the manner and procedures, infringement current the weakness of highlights the issue this on the dispute think I
competition free in targets the attain to market and the countries those to it leaving each then and country for targets emission setting
that. change us Let
insurance. of state in the than other a state in residing was employment, last their during who, person a of case the play in into come However, rules special
Barroso. with Mr conversation telephone interesting an had I recently
objectives. these shares Tourism and Transport on Committee that the am glad I naturally, and, Union the in airports use of the for charging for basis the as and nondiscrimination transparency cost-relatedness, of principles internationally recognized three the establish seeks to proposal This
Union aid. of uses additional from probability, in all and, this States from Member old all the would exclude which dangerous, and be to consider I which a precedent, creating avoid to tried I so, doing In
opportunity. an be to seemed it so eye, catch the wanted to that else one no was was there because opportunity 'catch-your-eye' previous The
men. well as as women affects it as fight AIDS, to done be more should that convinced now is President Bush
question. called into successes those see to wish not do and successful, we are campaigns our literacy successful, is policy population Our
will die. they knowledge that the in working are who workers Japanese more anonymous and 50 to the homage pay somehow to Council the of President the and Commission the of President ask the to like should I President, (EL) Mr
Current many on counter-productive and rigid too are far area in this provisions legislative occasions.
risk. a health constitute - vibrations body whole and vibrations arm and hand both vibrations - that recognition achieved however, have, we of this directive, means By
It been had elections the that admit Milosevic making in succeeded the time, at envoy our special Felipe González, 1996, December In occasion. progress on his checked have we that worth mentioning is fraudulent.
The of treatment unbureaucratic and speedy the to said, have I as lead, all after should measure common refugees.
races. European of different soup genetic this of result are the here today, around and indeed home, at you around see you Irish day The modern
industry? the in developments and change technological light of the communication in 1994 its updating Paper White a forward bring to undertake the Commission Will
these countries. brought IMF has the which into indebtedness the offsets It
in fundamental of union a of responsibilities the of certainly one most is of animals welfare and protection the to ensure designed EU the within policy a of implementation believe that the We (SV) writing. values.
out. carried have we work the all in times at him with had have we which collaboration the for him thank also I
fire. into the pan the frying of jumping out is population Pakistani the rule, s Musharraf' General to thanks Mr President,
Pact. the implementing criteria for sophisticated more of the introduction for and adjustments called consequently circumstances and changing of regardless Pact and Growth Stability the of enforcement dogmatic inflexible and an criticised emphatically also but cycle, economic downturn the in the at concern his expressed he speech this In
The powers are of number limited a whom to authorities supernational but state organisations not are institutions European delegated.
(Applause)
report. Bösch's Mr of context the in tomorrow to this come back will We
take. to step big be a would passengers to delays for compensation minimum on regulation a of favour in matters stand, as vote, To
terms: following in continue the they then and State, a Member for derogation a for justification no find could they that conclusion their record deliberations of minutes their The
employment strategy. European a against militate question amendments in the situation, current the in believe that, therefore I
by businesses. activities Community-wide facilitate to order in costs compliance and burdens administrative cross-border to reduce is growth, promoting of that economic in particular objectives, agenda Lisbon the attaining of ways the of One
Union. the European task for important such an is this behaviour in increase the halt and confront to way appropriate the finding President, Mr. is why, This
well. as absurd figure is this actually aware that threshold, well the as 20 proposing an amendment tabled have and further go opportunity to Parliament another given therefore have We
additional question. an to ask like just should I   
commitment. unambiguous make an must We
established. are indicators performance objectives and clear if verified be only This can
10. EUR almost costs session plenary of second each - Control Budgetary Committee on the in those particularly - know Members honourable As the
emissions motor vehicle - quality diesel and Petrol
jobs. new any of creation the turnover, let alone in all at increase no has been there and tradition, from that depart to willing are consumers nor employees, businesses, neither that shown sometimes have hours opening liberal with Experiments
III. soon and II I, Il-Sung of Kim in honour projects Pharaohs into the like itself throws which regime, crazy a by are confronted we whereas food, of of shortage drought, of merely one is problem the that today, make believe, us to want some people and Korea, North in reign who beside those a choirboy like seemed Ceaucescu almost
parliaments. national the for participation and no given mandate such be no will elections, there European the President Commission in the for voting be not will citizens Consequently,
coal. of phasing-out the not about, want hear to we what is This
police. and army Indonesian the of disloyal sections and Laskar Jihad the of Muslim fundamentalists from especially aggression, to island due island to from fled have people 000 300 More than
speak? Vries to de Mr allow and her interrupt then did you Why
territory. its into imported be to European Union the from goods allowing when does Russia what exactly is fact, this In
This of the aspects services Society Information the to only applies provision directive.
Constitutional Treaty! the to ‘No’
numbers. large in such to France coming were Algerians yourself why asked you said you Gollnisch, Mr
(Applause)
safeguards. Euratom on provisions the application of concerning the 3227/76 No particularly Regulation implemented, are regulations ensuing Community the and provisions these that ensure to Commission the to up is It
2. : 1 be will population non-working to of working the ratio 2030, By
offer. an contain does not proposal current the which for sectors about two word A quick
arsenal! nuclear own one’s of modernisation the and plans deployment own one’s about quiet keeping while arms, nuclear their of dispose to others urge to a rich bit is really It
action. protective take and depth greater problem in the study therefore We must
to speak. be able all not will they but listed, are Members Many
activity. of level high a into Parliament has Programme galvanised Environment Action the President, Mr
one. an economic just be not should and cannot that ideal an achieve to sacrifices economic made great have who Europe of people the to out go thanks our real celebration day of solemn this on but Maastricht Treaty, the of objectives controversial most the of one successful of outcome the at am delighted I delegation, Nazionale Alleanza the of behalf On
optimism. or guarded even complacency justifies means by no today discussing are we region entire the in situation political the that to say first like would gentlemen, I and ladies President, Mr
sector procurement. public of field the covering Paper, Green Commission's the with dealing Tappin Michael by report the favour of in have voted Social Democrats the Danish Today,
Savimbi. Jonas under UNITA especially territory, the in acting forces of certain intentions real the that necessary, were if clarify, and evolving is country the situation in way the the mark which happened have recently that events important over paper or ignore not must or cannot it as Just
More EU the within done be can too.
solve problem. to this vital need the and Timor, East in happening is what to more once attention politicians' European draw to right unquestionable the House's include powers historical this that therefore, denying, no is There
crisis. into throw Europe will it and Alliance; Atlantic the split will it UN; the will split Unilateral war
fantasist. a as dismissed been would have he Cyprus, Slovenia and Hungary, Republic, Czech the Poland, Estonia, with begin should membership Union European on negotiations that July 1997 16 European on Parliament the propose to would Santer, president Jacques its of person the in Commission, the European that predict to bold enough been had ago, years ten anyone, If
them. protecting for framework a provide exist may already that instruments the of application Proper
reform. economic political and at aimed agenda broad-based a with round trade new a to support unqualified its gives Group PSE The
clotting. blood help control devices that for DEHP uses factory This
of them. use possible best they the make can that so receive, they images and information flood of the assess and analyse understand, to citizens European enable important to is it fact, that Given
point. first important my is That
arrangements. legal and laws national various our between existed always have differences that next and the to State Member from one considerably differs training legal that fact in the lie must this surely for reason The
procedures. of authorisation simplification the will as this, to contribute will with comply to have requirements on they information to access easy have companies that Ensuring
opportunity. this for thank you and issues these on keen as am just I
financial resources. own allocated its not it is eEurope if as ambitious project an such implement to difficult rather seem would it aim. But important most project's this probably is most technology modern of the use of terms in inequality Reducing
virtually been non-existent. have decade last the over poverty reduce to efforts of the results since too, this reason for good is There States. Member the binding on are aims that quantitative through reality a these make to desire the has been there and strategy, 2020 the Europe of targets key the of one poverty is Reducing
concerns. present-day to longer relevant is no what identifying involves also priorities Defining
biodiversity. maintain to policy proactive a need for urgent an There is
report. this on Mr Crowley congratulate to rise to going was I very you much. thank President, Mr
amendment. the accept cannot we so and the participants project, in the of part the on responsibility financial joint requires also budget management responsible that belief firm our is It
Where the reporting of respect in transparency of the subject on is - Council the not with although - agreement in all we are obligation.
institution. this for bodes well which campaigns, ratification recent the of course the way in any in was contested not It
closed. is debate The
terrible. so proving is which crisis international this in behaviour our of symbol tragic the moment, is, this Chamber at The deserted
place. is in protection adequate if countries third forwarded to be only can data personal that down lays protection directive data on The
negotiations. future in commitment and time, energy necessary the invest to interests vital our in is so it as Moldova, as far extend will Union European of the borders the 2007, in Union European the to of Romania accession the With
severity. and spread geographical its on pandemic, a based of definition the revise to WHO the urges It also
alarming. extremely concerned is is the discharge as far as Parliament with to cooperate reluctance Council's The
company. the withdraw from can then they which raise profits to order company in the standing of financial the of increasing aim unavowed the with sole shareholders, often financiers, request of the at made is it if reprehensible be may this approach shares, win market and competitive more be to in order changes structural make to of view point economic an from laudable is it Although
it. benefit from likely to least are and so education formal towards attitudes negative very often have who poverty but exclusion and by social threatened most those are who areas, disadvantaged most the in young people adults and both involving of way effective very a be also can it learning non-credited informal and Through
transparency. and openness to it comes when rules far-reaching most the with country the enough, was, interestingly protection data introduce effective country to EU The first
purpose? what For
Constitution. towards the the attitude Commission's clarify to again once you ask would I Therefore,
EU tax. of type a of introduction the for call the reason is The first
initiatives forward. take these to Presidency Czech the on course, of counting, are We
It's evil and cruel a government'.
What so wasted be to European funds impossible for it make for all and once which would law, at enforceable regulation, a is demanding are we pointlessly.
Declaration. Joint 1997 Houston the level of agreed the to this now to raise need we agree can I colleagues my like and agreed, was more and discussed was More
life. public in involved getting by active commitment demonstrate opportunity to the people young must give We
Madam taken place have should parliamentary dialogue a - counter-productive and inappropriate Tunisia is as such country partner a with connection in procedure parliamentary urgent this of use that out point to would I like Socialists, European of Party the of Group the of member a President, as first.
tax. CO2 the green VAT, the like naive, little a are they if even sympathetic of measures, whole series a with renewable energies, plea for a is report your of theme the main Velzen, van Mr words, other In
this. of advocate great a am - I be clear me Let
Member. honourable to the grateful am I
(NL) cultural Kurdish improve and country the democratise to initiative launched democratic the Government has Turkish the President, Madam rights.
representative. special his for course, goes, of also That
no one. deceives problem the of complexity immense the but , war' 'banana the the of end see to all want we President, Mr
That few a to attention pay special Commissioner the to ask would I why reason the really the is amendments.
inquiries. appropriate the make will I and this to in relation said have them of both what of note have taken I issue, testing the about concerned are whom of Doyle, both Mrs Hyland and to Mr response In
to represent. purport we whom citizens the by accountable held be to can begin also but documents to access on regulation the to only conform not we that so Procedure Rules of to our changes we adopt right that absolutely is It
Sacrédeus (H-0291/02): Lennart by 12 No Question
being possible. that of evidence seen have We
Budgets. Committee on of the opinion the and Tourism and Transport Policy, Regional on Committee the of report the in shown as proposal Commission work the on excellent its for Parliament thank the to like would I President, Mr
years. three next the for appropriation for the EUR 9 million of a figure with conclude to have should now, we matters conclude to wanted we if that, accepted I rapporteurs, other with in line but, EUR 11 million to EUR 9 million from budget the increase to able been not have we that annoying it find naturally I
letter. dead a will remain intentions social your otherwise EU policies; real by action, by matched be must words your but mentioned already here, have you which pillars, on three these based fundamentally strategy a Strategy, the Lisbon support We now
to justifiable protect. especially seen has been it lakes which certain in level at local vessels motor of use the ban to able been already have we for example, country, my In
funds. of lack to owing Canaries the and Mediterranean central the in missions Frontex the stop to having of risk the run we month, this of end the at released only is June, 24-25 about examined on be to is due reserve, which if the frankly that say quite must I but decisions, Parliament's this I respect
welcome. than more are cancer plans national believe comprehensive that strongly I perspective this In
House. this upon binding be will not which and in Malta forthcoming debate the in freer be to us allow will invoke, which able be to will we which instrument an as Parliament implicate not will which contribution A Rights. Women's Committee on the of contribution a it leave as that we suggest I
matters. in taxation unanimity, than rather Council, at decisions majority for an appeal with ends resolution example, the For
about Cuba. debates ideological in engaged House the Instead,
2020. by 20% over by gas emissions greenhouse to reduce objectives setting ambitious by done is This
activities. their languages in co-official Spain’s of use the on Government Spanish the with agreements have reached Regions the of Committee the Commission and the Council, the Mr President,   
Korea. to markets our opens which of charity act an not is Framework the Agreement that point out would I
countries. member Commission and the between silence of the conspiracy spoken against always have I
policy. rural of future the on Commission European organized the by conference the Cork, at in was I Well,
Mr bold, to be to you asks you; it in faith has Group PPE the Barroso, reform.
The address this to need the on Parliament and Commission the with Council agrees the that assurance an obtain to was question Theorin's Mrs of purpose matter.
lacking. railways is the on real competition allowing for will political reality, the in market, onto the operators transport other rail of entry the which allow steps, first the taken has now state the Although
regarding (DE) euphoria of deal great a is there President, Mr Galileo.
world. the in role significant more a Europe give must we and relations external enlarged Union's the redefine must now We
zones. restricted closed or and sizes fish minimum net sizes, measures, by technical regulated also be be exploitation can model of the closures; periodic holding by and sea at spent days and the effort limiting by and TAC quotas, catches, the limiting by ways; various in we know, as regulated, be can rate mortality fish The
sesame. as such in crops other seen increase remarkable the mention to not ...
yesterday. only Groote Mr by report the that we debated happens so it President, Mr (PL)
works. of distribution these the for support of course, and, creativity of promotion the work, high-quality existence of requires the itself in users of interests the Protecting
However, a to exercise entitlement of their proof is it protection: citizens' of means as a considered be may also card identity an of possession right.
membership. Turkey's - for mind to my case - weaker much sanctions the Commission the year next of end at the if particularly possibility, this exclude not should We
money'. for 'value or at effectiveness looks also which approach an audit welcome would The Commission
meetings. delegation in the part to take us for difficult it very makes which them, postpone you and then deadlines make You
vote. the continue with we shall so, do to wish not does he And, since
issue. this with dealing for responsibility the committee that give and procedures usual the follow to so as Safety, and Food Health Public Environment, the on Committee Parliament’s Commission, within with the discussion a have to be preferable would it think Democrats and European (Christian Democrats) Party People’s European the of in Group the but we worthwhile a initiative, is this Mr President,   
intensive. as just be will which proposals, the legislative work for towards the progress make can that we so Commission, European the and Council the with scale, a wider on and, committee the within on work this with carry now can we that hope I Estévez, by Fraga Mrs chaired Fisheries, on Committee the in we worked as Just
case? the be should which not executive role, an plays body this that signify appears and to confusion causes which , 'authority' by replaced been 'agency' the word has then, Why,
them next. to what happens and banning are we substances consider what to need We
questions. supplementary with not deal could I question or their with deal not could I them told have I Chamber because this left already have Members
citizens. our of living conditions the attention to pay done, Berlusconi has Mr as however, must, We
past. the seen in we as have such financial operations ineffective and costly of form the take cannot cooperation this However,
bureaucratic formality. a merely now is - term the correct to use surrender, judicial rather or - extradition Warrant, Arrest European the Chamber, under this in many times have said I As
reject. to bound are hand, we other the on of them, some but there, and here few alterations making a amendments, the of majority the accept can we speaking, Generally
A confidence in all lost had and currency our attacked markets financial the namely, Europe; the of rest in now experiencing are we that crisis the to a similar crisis experienced Latvia ago, half a and year it.
down. watered being the proposals avoid to effort the make should all we that Olsson Mr entirely with I agree
The trade of the case in trade of free altar the on sacrificed systematically but in 1957, Rome of the Treaty in inscribed preferences Community of principle reintroduce the to desire a fact, in means, level European battle at difficult this contribution to negotiations...
subject. another is that but 2006, after the policy cohesion of future the on debate a general for call They also
policies. into Community perspective incorporating gender a at especially aimed resources, methodological appropriate develop also will institute The
It as problem a is in-work poverty causes poverty: that unemployment always not is well.
loan. the for approval obtaining in difficulty no been have should there that means which long-term valuable contracts, The has plant
effects. devastating social have which profits, for competition unchecked and system economic an unfair of victims ultimately, are who, and companies to brains their and sweat their devote who need, those in are who those of the side on are we because favour in voted We
legitimacy. its further increase to in order transparent more activities its should make ECB the words, other In
Garosci. Mr rapporteur, the by tabled amendment the support we here but direction, right the in step a also is full in deducted be cannot VAT which expenditure for on rules harmonising of the principle The
clear. directive is a such for case The
a Constitution. Treaty European the call to example, wish why for we, necessary, is integration political why understand and assess able to be to Union European the of citizens the for preconditions the socio-economic create have to We
court. German a face can he that way a such lifted in be immunity his should Secondly,
theorist. monetarist, the the financier, the of approach all-or-nothing the thinking, liberal of strait-jacket the from itself freed not has it but it, to thought-provoking aspects and some interesting has report Böhm's Gasòliba Mr i
finished. from is far task the complacency: room for no is there However,
concerns food. point second My
values. humanist on based educational programmes implementing and for drafting responsible in Poland important institution an is which and 1991 since existence in been has which institution, this down shut to need considering the is Roman Giertych
achieved. have you the result for you thank people: Slovak the to gesture clear a are today debate our and signal our but point, this results on await must We
funds. recovery of billion 30 EUR these happening with what is out find want to I and almost non-existent, plan is recovery this of implementation the that acknowledged be to has it on, months Six
centre. financial this for opportunities provide also could directive UCITS new this the contrary, on that, and be unfounded, to prove damaged will be could centres fund investment central of Europe's one as position Luxembourg's that concern that show her will future that the confident am reasonably I but respect, this in differently bit a things sees Lulling Mrs that acknowledge I
type". mixed a of or harassment harassment 'horizontal') ( peer-group versa), vice or superior, by a subordinate a (of harassment 'vertical' " terms it what level same the being on treats as report The
December. in Copenhagen, in spokesmen be our will and this forget not will Commission the of and Council the of the members that hope I and Copenhagen, in debate the to be therefore central Agriculture must
occurred. crisis BSE before the long was this that would add I parenthesis In
supplements. food to relating mentioned I directive the from freed be UK to the calling for Westminster, through going Bill Members’ Private is present there At
Parliament. this to presented be soon will which the issue on Paper Green a drafted we House, report this from Mombaur the of recommendations the on Drawing
area. this in work continuous undertake to up set be unit' 'development staffed an appropriately that Commission the to proposed therefore We have
positive. very be also will response the that Council's hope I
joy. pure and elemental of sense its with time, the at experienced liberation the remember has to of 1956 commemoration The (HU)
into force. enters date, to EU the by produced Constitution, text best the European the to heir the is Treaty, which this before fact, in and, reality a becomes this Treaty before left step just one is there so Republic, Czech the of senate the by been ratified has of Lisbon Treaty the important: so is today, which like day a to tribute a be also this would that I believe
consumers. safety of and health the affect may these that and problems there are see that to have started we However,
Treaty. Lisbon the under rights codecision to the specifically attention your me draw Let
this? about do to plan do you What
regard. that helps in certainly report This
2012. in again stocks food their build and up maize, wheat and especially of production, their increase to asked been have agricultural producers why is This
today. ourselves committing instead of presented, been has report progress the next until accession on decision delay the to appropriate more been have would it considerations, these of In view
gratification. need for and impulses sexual their to especially slaves, weak, defenceless people make to serve only weakness human exploit which and standards moral from removed far are Contemporary that programmes
Madam rudimentary in exist only they best or at atmospheres, explosive handle to how about all at instructions no often are there Europe in factories and businesses in Flynn, Mr form. President,
countries. some neighbouring in growing constantly is infection with the those diagnosed of number The
transport. domestic than and complicated more expensive more both transport international makes This
El Salvador. in situation terrible the his contribution of the end at mentioned Seguro Mr President, Mr
competencies. political s EU' the clearly delimiting on 77 Amendment Democrats Christian welcome Swedish the EU, the within equality linguistic and cultural guarantees of and responsibility political for calls clarity in openness, democracy, rights, human as values such fundamental with along circumstances, these mind Bearing in
I time. three in be held to meeting the for agenda the on this recommendation including consider to – mind its up made already clearly having unfortunately absent, is – which Council the on it to and back Commission the on report, this adopt to Parliament the European on call therefore days’
nature. strategic a of programmes covers is broad and programmes and plans environmental of definition the addition, In
programme. Socrates the for years over two million 70 ECU securing achieved in have they that great work the for occasion this on Budgets on the Committee thank to like I would Media, the and Youth, Education Culture, on Committee the of on behalf President, Madam
competitiveness. improve and market the up open to necessary certainly is It
environmental benefits. be will there that to prove serious, not are which calculations using try, can you how of example typical a is Øresund bridge The
Brussels. and Strasbourg between travel of issue the raising am I why asked Many have
health. and mental physical women's to described threats frightening and terrible the all addressing of means and ways the words, in other in health systems; in discrimination gender is report of today's subject However, the
another. to country one from very different are systems because and framework general a very have they because both Commission European the of directives the interpreting problems always there earlier, are said I As
it. with relations closer welcome family European our made which has respects and in other presented fact, in FYROM has, which maturity political of off image the round would institutions, democratic and minorities of area the in country, in that internal situation of the aspects certain of essential improvement the with combined That,
strain. particular this to immune is nobody that appears It
and useful. successful extremely be to proved Parliament and has Presidency Austrian between the agreed procedure conciliation the that out point me Let
States. Member the with rests decision ultimate the thankfully embrace Constitution, this will euphoria, self-congratulatory in House, this President, though    Mr
elderly. the against violence to relates project The second
Finally, framework the proposed in currently is what to contrary be prohibited, principle, of matter a as must, life sex health or beliefs, religious opinions, political to relating data such as data, of sensitive use decision. the
2009. year financial the for Agency Environment European of the accounts the the of closure approve to decided responsible Committee the as document, this endorsed I - (LT) writing. in
transport. of other types all and sea urban, rail, than so less much is it extent, certain a to is subsidised air transport although say that, to have I subsidies, As regards
made. been have not could Council Security of the decisions the Council, European the taken by position this said: Rompuy without President Van what with agree also I However,

(SK) developing to aid provide and poverty combat to is aim main whose organisation, this reform need the to about in doubt be would who one almost also no is there but WTO the of importance the doubt who would people many not are There countries.
mechanism. reaction the rapid using negotiations peace Ahtisaari’s President instance, financed, for Commission also The
report. his in them well very with deals since he subject, the on points specific make to me for need the obviates fact, in which, report his of depth and quality the for him praise and Skinner Peter welcoming by begin shall I obligation, parliamentary any of sense President, without Mr
them. of three all - and Lithuania Estonia, of Latvia countries three the to this applies and rapidly, developing is area Baltic The
subjects. negotiating those of the range balanced across is that an outcome get to is negotiators as job Our
PIGS. the might be That
Europe! in resettlement seek then and into Turkey border the cross might Iraq and Iran as such places from refugees but of floods Britain, and to countries European entry right of automatic have to Turks million just 72 expect can not we Union: European the joins Turkey if Imagine
compile. to honour the had have I which report the about or vague open-ended is that nothing therefore is There
Minutes see 116): (Rule register the in Written included declarations
people. the to help financial matters on of main spokesmen the of one become can Fayad Salam Minister Finance that us hope Let
The are Council of the President the and Presidency the of opinions different.
I their for again once Members fellow thank cooperation.
issues. structural major these in addressing bold and be realistic to have We
wishes. European Council's the with line in it, fast-track to commitment a made has said, been has as Presidency, markets, the the on repercussions potential issue and this of importance the light of In
like confirmed. would I all is This
Council. the to to propose going is which project, it Partnership Eastern for the Commission the thank to like should I Finally,
remedied. be to This needs
to. priority continue give to should we which aspect ecological an is There
here. openly speak to Allow me
We immediate our in and commitment cooperation increasing by crisis the address must area.
elected. be longer no can who people with will rest proposals legislative making on monopoly The
the MEP. by well taken is point the and third directive, the in specified clearly is That
There for understanding and respect tolerance, show can we if us divide not need they but different, make that us things them. are
terms? reasonable on Union into the accepted not are they ensuring that of matter simply a is it Perhaps
our necks. to up globalisation financial in involved are We crises. financial from whatsoever protection offers no it but currency speculation against does protection provide euro The
South. the in and at both home environmental education and development sustainable implementing in society civil in different actors the of involvement the secure and Europe in order in house our own put to have we issues, on these agreement build to attempting In
Treaty. Constitutional the force of into entry the before period interim in the our goals reaching for necessary conditions the place in set will That
require. they answer the can get that anyone so signposts, and guidance need we information available of deluge In the
these matters? on motions any are there if ask to like I would
policy. tax common towards a attitude our out point to but wish report the of parts with large agree Democrats Social We Swedish   
Scandinavia. in force in currently those lower than a level at standards certification common introduce to pressure exerting USA are the and Canada as such countries competitor known that is well it and scheme, certification environmental organised well a also has either. Scandinavia countries Scandinavian in the problem a serious not are fires Forest
Treaty. the in contained objectives other the towards to work duty its prejudice to stability price without of dogma the guarantee to independently, acting quite Bank, Central European it the for is that firmly equally believes candidate the that too found We
transactions. cross-border in and accounting company in in prices, setting currencies national of role key the takes euro over the which year in the be should 2001
been not easy. often has this sector, military with the do to has and, it as task, complex a is it subject, the on knowledge available the collate all to needs study the As
efficiency. energy on the communication on Commission Stockmann Mr by report and comprehensive important equally the with deal to like would I Finally,
sector. agricultural the in employed is Ireland in workforce the in people eleven in one that add I would
summer. next Commission proposal strong to a forward look I
work. their for constructive rapporteurs thanking the by begin to wish I Commissioner, Mr President,   
We the to work parliamentary of a model presented and certainty legal provided things, simplified many have public.
bite. lack and policy monetary fiscal and employment, business, of areas policy key the say that to have nevertheless policy, we economic in steps retrograde any involved not Treaty, has Amsterdam fortunately, the if Even
This IMO the of application worldwide the lead to probably will forms.
matters. in these respected is view of its point ensure that to heard and voice its make to intends fully it and policy, fisheries and trade policy both to in relation codecision of powers has henceforth European Parliament The
countries. other EU in sell to of businesses reluctance the reduce to and the Internet, or on in shops make that they the purchases in consumers of protection and confidence the increase to is directive draft this of The aim
leg. wooden a plaster on a as use as much is It
tuna. for 22% mere to a crustaceans for 90% ranges from opportunities fishing of use the average Mauritania, In
and antisemitism. xenophobia racism, of rise the on impact had its has since 1989 Europe Eastern and in Central way under been has that transformation of process The profound
Madam in my taxpayer British the and taxpayer EU the both I mentioned President, speech.
not? it is European formula, established an is This
intended purpose. the for suitable most the deemed has been proposal Commission's the Members, by made proposals various the Despite
7.
either. problems demographic solve to help not does it and Strategy, the implement Lisbon to not help does It
process. the decision-making in representation of lack their and amongst women entrepreneurship of level the low technologies, communication information and in women's participation of level the low various: and many are gaps The
linked. closely are These
Berg. den Van herring, Mr new Dutch with them present gladly too would I
Framework. Financial 2007-2013 the Presidencies for British the and Luxembourg by made proposals the with figure, or the 2005 with GNI, Community of 1.01% at around stands priorities, which budget Community’s the and ceiling, 2006 the comparing in harm no is there speaking, Generally –   
about. talking I am what know I
components. and blood blood involving EU the across accidents and stories scare far many too been have There
particular concern. of be should This
a disease. suitable to find made being are attempts which for medicine, ineffective rather a are scanners my opinion, In
workers. health of shortage the appalling theme of chosen WHO’s the Day with Health World year’s this commemorate we as tonight has said the Commissioner that word every endorse I President, Mr    .
Transport. Paper on White 2001 in the down laid already been had which safety, road of priority the of reiteration a consistent constitutes This
Ironically, targets their intimidate to order in law EU quote companies fraudulent further. these
health. human to risk of evidence to scientific the according classified drugs be that requesting and - dependence drug associated with of risks reduction and prevention the on Malliori report the - in ago months two decided we Parliament, what a as therefore reiterating, propose I
start. the from choices rule certain out they because easier life make considerations Ethical
for Kinnock. Mr question explicit an was it although section, third the question in second the that is, section, third the in question included this have Parliament of The services
product for safety. greater extent a to liable importers hold to possible be must it that and here action for clear need a is there that demonstrated year toys last children's imported problems The with
opposition force. an more as less or up itself set would that administration presidential unofficial an for of support form the take however, cannot, services public the for This support
In agricultural for policy price a sound adopt countries those States, that Member the and the via delegations ensure, instance, first the in should, Commission the view, my products.
see Minutes positions: common Council of Communication
Breyer. too, Mrs that note I
that in continent. respected not often are they because be respected, should rights human especially, country, that In
data. research and information scientific new account of years, taking every ten out carried be should therefore additives the of re-evaluation A
Mr and comments for their debate the in part took who those thank all to should like I President, contributions.
We on talks the continue we before on that clarification need PNR.
programmes? research technological and scientific nine the to happened has What
I wishes its proportion large of very a had has Parliament which in useful compromise a is it however, proposal, the read myself As met.
In human and towards democracy directed is racism violent Denmark, rights.
Mr Putin. to Mr Barroso by sent letter a following October in Summit EU-Russia during the brought up was The issue
detained. been also has Olga Kazulin Mrs
Lithuania. in Poles for matter very on painful a again once floor the taking am I President, Madam (PL)
own. on peacekeeping, its and enforcement peace other words in missions, Petersberg out carry to position a in be must Union the then fails, prevention but if security our policy, of part as measures develop prevention to try to better is it before, said have we As
values. very inspiration these from greater drawing budget European to a their governments within support their gave Europe, social more a of House this in favour in are parties, which certain if it like should I respect, this In
debate. the we continue as this to remember important is It
Klaiber. predecessor Ambassador committed his with did they as Vendrell Ambassador representative EU experienced new, our with well work as know, I will, They
I years 30 almost now is which existing Directive the update to need the recognise and fully water of bathing quality the in improvements further see to wish strongly and report this welcome old.
For and supervision are things important the me, transparency.
footnotes. of number up a drawn has Budgets on Committee the that well as context this in is It
mine. of concern particular is a which regional policy, on concentrate to want President, I Mr   
value. guide the exceed groundwater in concentrations nitrate in EU, the area agricultural the % of 90 almost In
The common on cooperation based transatlantic of strengthened basis the on only possible be will it GDP, of fifth one and population the world's of cent seven per with but Representative, High said, you as global player, a to be bound is values. EU
consideration. of basic lack total the about talking I am
region. the stability in of factor a become has Serbia that signals and achievement considerable a therefore, is Europe, for opt to decision The
conditions. production and product quality safety, food about demands ever-tougher making consumers are European
aid. legal any without people poor mainly are condemned The
CIA. the trust to not has reason every Parliament this rather that consider I myself; just for speaking I am that believe not do I
A framework. existing the enforcing and properly implementing on strong be should EU for the strategy work at safety and health regulatory
end. an to come Ariane programmes and the Kaleidoscope is when which year, next of end the at operational be to able be will framework-programme This
Asia. and America Latin with co-operation on spent amount in the reduction for a provided proposal original 4, the budget of amending the content to now Turning
supervision. terms of in effort make an to important more is It
euro-federalism. of disease the of indication clinical serious very a may have we of themselves care take to manage cannot who poverty 40 in Europeans million With
It knees. to nations industrialised leading world's the of the economies bring could and need, by real than emotion by more dictated is their
direction. that steps in important are These
the Rising of consequences macro-economic primary the are debt growing with combined States Member in budget deficits crisis.
practical limits. or physical without freedom a - Internet the with associated particular freedom a There is
Member. honourable by the raised matters the about concerned are all we know I
environment. the for programmes and plans certain up of the drawing in participation public for provides it because environmental policy, the Community's for also but street the citizen in average the for only importance, not considerable is of This proposal
Completing barriers of non-tariff elimination the implies market this (para.
promised. information they some us sent having not for committee in publicly Commission yesterday the criticized I Finally,
observation mission. election Union European into the wishes, so it if delegation, parliamentary integrate any to and respect this Parliament in the with fully cooperate wants to Commission The
practices'. stocking and 'aquaculture to cases, great many a in due, is waters inland and seas Europe's coastal into species alien of introduction The
presto! hey then, and Syria, against embargo a pre-emptive draws up US Congress The of Syria. leaders against the again mobilised being now are They
support. my them give and resolution this of authors the congratulate to like would gentlemen, I and ladies President, Commissioner, Mr (FR) -
Union. European the with compatible Arctic priorities has country that stress this to like would I Iceland, for rapporteur Parliament's As this
rights. human of field the in countries third with consultations and dialogue of EU operation the for improving solution proposing aims at This report
13. Amendment of end the at added be amendment an oral that condition on 7, Amendment to delete prepared are Alliance Free Greens/European the of Group rapporteur, the the agreement of the With (FR)
Zana. meet Leïla terrorism, to combating are we when time a at unable, we were that Sakharov is Prize, the concerns this since especially disappointing, particularly find we and what outright, refused were we but course, of winner, Prize Sakharov meet the to opportunity the requested We
2005. since Union European the of rest the in prohibited been vessels has new of construction the for aid that State not forget us Let
this. on reflect you to asking am I
too. rightly and quite concerned, is where health particularly EU, the across right standards very high setting are We
Today and democratic more is which Union political federal an enlarged for policies, European Europe more with political more Europe, a for better and bigger for a opt we that essential is it ever than more efficient.
This these in powers new its fully assume must Parliament matters.
my newsletter. electronic plug to good a such giving for Read Mrs thank I President, Mr
did. she as behaved never Commission has time the that in that say only can I years and 12 for Belarus of country the policy towards in have involved been I
(B6-0161/2008). Time Question is next item The
It economic and political undergone have recently themselves which States EU with Member experiences to exchange able be to these countries for programmes, various of framework the within important, is transformations.
meeting. week's last at innovation and internal market the Group Working on the of conclusions the of paragraph the third as include it to agreed Harbour Mr Furthermore,
If system democratic genuinely build a efforts to their and problems differ their differ, histories recent triplets: their Siamese like be treated always not should perhaps - and Georgia Azerbaijan Armenia, - countries three the this: be it would resolution, the about point a make to I wished differ.
small after children. looking and to pregnancy due woman, working a of life the in inactivity of of periods taken be must pensions, account calculating In
The European the of citizens ordinary the for speak Parliament should European Union.
1999 10-13 June on Parliament European the elections to fifth direct the following credential verification of the on decision the on Market, Internal the Affairs and Legal on Committee the of behalf on Palacio Vallelersundi, Mrs (A5-0084/1999) by Report
question. this answered already has itself The Council
to despair. individuals and break-up to States cause wars, civil and ethical tensions religious and social, of tragic escalation The
situation. current the to appropriate entirely which is report, this magnificent by producing MEP excellent an is he again that once proved has who to Martin, Mr congratulation of words first my address to wish I - sector the for responsible being currently despite debate, not to this insensitive not therefore is and for Fisheries Minister a been previously has who - Solbes Mira Commissioner President, Mr
violation. to that stop a to put agency the force to necessary measures the to take have it will violation, committing a is agency rating credit a that it notices if and - checks spot out to carry power the and information for requests here of am I thinking - exercise supervision to able be will ESMA
enough. far go not does it positive but This is
trust. and credibility of a lack from suffer sometimes who judges, methods of working the of perception people’s improve and system the justice of the transparency to increase We need
churches. of restitutions exception: notable one There is
respectful. and productive open, this House Commission's with relationship the to make worked have you process that of part As
In internal the to related is regulation of this new substance the of as all particularly codecision, need we words other market.
decisions. processes and our affect this will that stated Haarder, Mr the Council, of President-in-Office The
Mr Mandelson the in economy open the most is EU ‘the that said world’.
months. six effective very successful and very to a confidence with forward look We
banned. be human embryos of exploitation industrial or commercial that We asking
effectively. to corruption combat position a are in which States, Member the in courts the justice by of administration as the such purpose, that for necessary measures are other that believe I
The complex a rather is issue one.
Science other for wood more mean would pulp chemical make to grass using For example, wood. for uses new find must research and purposes.
disabilities. and those with attention, need special who workers, ageing and young as well exploited, as often are who workers, migrant include groups vulnerable Such
thrombin. use of authorise the to not Commission the on call must that we means This
side. our on not Time is
a such been division. never has there because new countries, and old between division a on argument based the to end an see also will debate this close of that the hope I why is That
first the of Director the appointing for procedure the is second the and Board, Governing the of composition the is these of The Foundation.
are. its borders where to decide have simply will European Union the one day gentlemen, and ladies Mr President, –   
Commission communication. this by contemplated tax as domestic arrangements the into large intrusion a warrant would are, they as such it, with problems the that evidence no is There
time. long a for realities certain acknowledge to refused Brown, Gordon Minister, UK Prime socialist The
parliament. as a aim for indeed should and we which report this for getting of capable are we am sure I which majority broad very the obtain to possible it find will we report, this out sorted with problems are minor other two or one if and it is adopted if that, convinced remain I House and the to compromise that commend I
business of Order
considered this? UN the Has
The of rest the in and movements parties as as freely operate allowed be to must Turkey in movements popular the and parties political Europe.
their side. Parliament on and ombudsman the have they that know citizens that the attractive so more that make to somebody with plead and 10 out of 1 to pamphlet his for score the reduce I say to have I but report, first his 10 for of 9 out ombudsman the I give reflection, on and In conclusion,
in nature. insulting or abusive be must threatening, offence the and intent xenophobic or racist be there must delineated; clearly very be also should discrimination involving offences of scope The
ambition. lacks report little this think I of etcetera. research, interest the in countries, our of interest in the Agenda, in the point main as a this include to scope more lot a Bangemann have Mr given should We
required. are routes escape too, but here traffic, rail options for more offer Tunnels
marketeer. free the and protectionist split the between a is always there right: absolutely is Susta and Mr views two be will always There
today. constructive support your for much very thank you to like would I
concerned. was product's safety the of assessment the as as far creation a new of case a was it words other In
Come and seen you have what colleagues your tell and Brussels to back heard.
negligible. thoroughly is EU's budget the too, areas, In these
The to run-up the in notably rights, human and for democracy the respect of importance the on knows, particular in Mr Barroso as emphasis, considerable placed EU side elections.
Commissioner. the thank I
industry. the cultural of terms in market, world the across field playing even an us give to in order is This Round. Uruguay at adopted position the maintain the we that market, world in the exist that deficiencies incapacities and the of some given nevertheless, important It is
done. been has that work hard the see we can programme, complex current the with past compare the we If
changes. necessary the others making and the course same the on staying countries generous more the with removed, be are to Existing differences
speaker) the off cut (The President
forward? moving from country other stop every can one country that it is When
The health basic and education basic on spent be must of which 35% amounts, minimum proposals are in the amounts minimum care.
the subject. on opinion and public between opinion expert conflict heated very probably a of verge the on therefore are we and that European Union the within of thought well not are varieties transgenic that President, Mr You know,
happen? therefore to ought What
place. this from burdens regulations and rules, additional many very by assailed been has industry car the decade the last over But
procedures. simplifying its and policy implementing EU cohesion for and opportunities strategy 2020 the with link the objectives, of the validity policy, EU cohesion of scope the following: the be should discussions aspects of important most the case, this In
training. business skills vocational and specialist, as important as at least that is and self-esteem, and development personal fosters It
it. of effect the or people, for respect of of lack cause is the violation rights human of kind this whether myself ask I and racism xenophobia, and with House deals the before now is which Ford Mr by The report
old methods. the to keep we if tackled cannot be time our challenges of The
closed. is debate The
board. on come has country additional one only months, few last the of the course in that, believe I
few In a list to like would and I the moment, at with dealt being are agenda this on proposals of number a which in way the not with satisfied we are words, other examples.
for? aiming are we that impact positive the assure we can How
responsible. are who maximum deregulation of policy a pursued have years, few last in the who, is those it this; for one responsible not the is he However,
word. last the has then Council the stage, reading first at position clear cannot a out work if we For
them! of all not but enthusiastic, not countries are developing some that said rightly You
case. not the is that moment the and at globally, realised be actually can they if only meaningful are tax of Tobin kinds various and global taxes concerning discussions the various Consequently,
vote of Explanations
degree. vast a to situation security the time, improve in will, troops, which security UN by troops British and American of the replacement for points, example, strong report’s his rapporteur on the congratulating start by will gentlemen, I and ladies President, Mr .   
The taken merely are another to Council one European from on passed those honourably or predecessors their by dossiers left The question. routine a some for are presidency the of new priorities over.
done. now been has this Well,
scandal. real a inequality, pay increasing unemployment and increasing of times in these avoidance, and tax I evasion find as statement, political a with begin will custom, I usual my to Contrary (NL)
chamber. such a support can we whether vision common that on depend It will
Commissioner. reports, own your from Commission, European the by reports of series from a clearly emerges as poor areas, most Union's European the among number exceptions, few islands, with very that chance no of matter is it Besides,
unthinkable. was long too all for that do something to applicant countries the with the opportunity have now We
visible? it Is
Indeed, in ‘Union’ more even and Europe more even have to the need of convinced firmly am Europe. I
an assertion. such support to reality, empirical in economic or theory, in nothing is There
Secondly, in trade the from profits additional of form the reward in a put, is it as obtain, to order in and subsidies payments agricultural reduce should unilaterally negotiations, WTO of the part as EU, the whereby report the in proposed solutions the to should mounted be opposition services. strong
By going to is nature how knowing without genome, the of equilibrium the upsetting and species barrier the transgressing fact one in is genes, transferring react.
peoples. sovereign of will conscious be the will hope we what against go not will We
Union. European the in prevention ecological disaster and protection of environmental level high a as well as operations, extraction oil of security safety and the will guarantee which adopting measures transparent action, precise, must take Commission and Council The
the Commission. of president next the as mandate five-year another secure tomorrow will Barroso Mr that very confident am I President, Madam
Mr the in back held being is money this reason why the knows that evening this Chamber the in everyone that say I can President, system.
common approach. a adopt to need we else, from anything Apart
information. of correct provision the health through public in improvement an ensure also We must
for south. the was rest all the and east the for was million 150 EUR billion, 1.24 EUR the within phase, initial an in that document the Commission's of interim versions the from know We
Security the Council. UN in resolution the on vote during the abstained finally, Germany and, any consultation without Benghazi in council transitional the recognised France then of sanctions, imposition the blocked Italy all, of First
country. the independently around and freely move and independently can work really envoys Europe of Council two the if credible to be only continue it will But
office. their from your to speech listened have Members the many of great a that sure am I
sectors. industrial many for difficulties created repairs, which in used parts spare of designs of protecting that problem was practical The major
family life. in reconciling work at aimed measures finance – Fund the Regional and States, Member in strategy employment the implementation of supports the which Fund, Social particular the in – Funds Structural The
that! to say can I is all ‘Wonderful’
exports. underpriced with Europe's compete cannot They
challenge. that in closely with working him to forward look well and him wish I
migration. entirely of because rapidly, increasing has been population the region's England, in counties south-western the for Report Observatory South-West 2007 the to According
Europeans. all terms for - lay in believe I - soul and spirit the of spoken have you Europe, borders the on of debate the to regard With
work. hand-crafted of production the threat to a pose also could but production, furniture to end signify an only not could possible, technically is as far one in so States, Member term by the of strict interpretation A
In this studies around of number a sponsoring built, be can policy measures which on evidence base the of development the supported has Commission particular, the problem.
us. take will bases legal on agreement the far how seen be to remains It still
Time its crossing rail travellers Russian for new regime the introduce will Lithuania July when 2003, of 1 deadline meet the to order in delay without preparations launch to need the aware of fully are we and short is territory.
our society. for development policy sustainable of a demands the to and needs the people's to that responds energy alternative genuinely achieving of the aim with research public more out carrying and promoting be should we this field In
Amongst been has study a once outright them banning to a view with uranium), containing warheads other uranium (and depleted containing ammunition and devices fragmentation explosive use of further moratorium preventing immediate an establish to request the value other aspects, I undertaken.
problem. precisely the be could that Yet
Committee. Audit of the strengthening the and services; technical assistance wider provide activities to and special so-called the regulate to order in entities, other and subsidiaries establish Bank; to possibility the the of activities ordinary the to a complement as participations including: equity financing, EIB in flexibility more Lisbon, allowing of Treaty the by brought about changes welcomes the Parliament European the because resolution this of favour in voted I
Therefore, human in trafficking preventing on European Parliament the of resolution the I endorse beings.
1.
sustainability. greater ensure able really to be to money have enough will we that also but agenda, policy social the of better implementation the for instrument good a now is PROGRESS only that not ensuring, in substantial part a played has which Perspective, the Financial on Committee Temporary the thank to like also would but constructive cooperation, their for Committee of the my fellow-members to thanks my reiterate to outset the at like would I gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, Mr . President,   
the introduction. include removed parts the for sense make does not otherwise, it because, us before text the in amendment oral an inserting propose I President, Madam
into Failing entered already had the Constitution if as tasks, and role Agency’s the for guidelines proposing Parliament is States, Member the in the referenda of the results respect to force.
blockade. Eurostat the end to on Council the call to like would I Fourthly,
disease was. BSE dangerous this how time the at known not be could it that Mr Santer, us, tell You
I in business do to big enough not are company, you private European a being it worth consider to big enough not were you if concerned that were consumers where discrimination of factor a introduced statute new the where the situation see to like not would Europe.
objectively. be assessed which can results of the action, appropriate and measures incisive objectives, clear into translated be approach should This
Bismarck. about spoke John Cushnahan
LNG terminals. of the construction is situation, as win-win a is pipeline new each of construction the rather, other; each with should compete not pipelines The
silence) minute's a and observed rose House (The
Bureau. of the prerogative the is that But
Mulder. Mr rapporteur, general the and committees involved the rapporteurs of the all to profound my gratitude offer to like would I that, however, Before
East. the countries from member new in takes EU the after funding regional for plans their in the Commission aims of back the I
areas. these over sovereignty Member State of loss a to fields, and tax and the social in on competition restrictions to lead will the report view, our In
term. and long medium short, the in consequences inflationary significant be will there is that likelihood then the disunity, monetary and we instability have if that is all us for term in long the warning The
year. this of end the by plan joint action first a of initiation the to lead which should with Brazil, partnership strategic a signed recently have We
and TV. newspapers the by overlooked have been would certainly summit the effects, the all and consequences the all of mastery greater is there until energy market the of liberalisation full the for deadline a setting decision postpone to Franco-German joint the of announcement the for not been had it fact, In
Laughter
funding sources. other of independent strong economy enjoy a to able be needs to desperately it input the it give so to as region, that for aid for implement and would provide that plan strategic a up draw Presidency to Council the and Council the urged Parliament 2008, in Back
(For see vote: the of details other results and Minutes)
grassroots fight. and class struggle the in escalation the reverse to able they be will nor EU, the of face reactionary the hide cannot initiatives' 'citizens' Various
In origin of country the operation of the genuine about concerns addresses and – interest general of services or healthcare cover necessarily not does but – coverage broad has a dumping, of risk social the removes that a framework ensure to need particular we principle.
Community As a currently not is this that means this far, so acted has not it issue.
again. say would I so, way does no in the Commission and so not do do you removal, defend this to prepared House in this anybody not find will You
(CS) and 40% and fear hatred ethnic by region dominated a in security and stability political maintain to how is question the not: Kosovo or recognise to whether longer no is today must we ask question that the convinced am I unemployment.
way. any in reforms other of outcome eventual the compromise not do They already reforms adopted. from follow Council, the the of agreement with forward put now have I and Fischler Franz Mr that 55%, 45%, the 36%, that Mrs Doyle to clear it must make I
world. in the change climate against fight the leading is Union European the but ambition, more have can always We
technology. energy on programme strategic fund to a need also We
Elles. Mr by report the debate on the proceed with now shall We
accession criterion. a basic is minorities and rights human law, the democracy, for respect that candidate countries all to clearly announced has Union European the With enlargement,
quantitative aspect. the to mainly relates This
in general. resources fisheries of preservation the and of itself, EU the of people the African and countries of the people the of both advantage the to be to prove will and policy, Community new this within justified is made been which has increase budgetary believe the I
social Europe. a of creation the fire will that spark long-awaited the be hope, we will, many, too one many, among one This crisis,
report. support this therefore I
I improving the amendments tabled which Affairs, Home and Justice and Rights, Freedoms Citizens' on Committee the of the contributions welcome I particularly and trap this into not fall do before us three reports the that say to glad am proposal.
and justice. security freedom, of area an creating view of point of the from terrorism, to a response producing of consists first The
fulfilled. be to that promise for than 10 years more for been waiting we have but legislation, horizontal by covered be would GMOs caused by damage environmental for liability that promised Commission the time, that At
too. other but countries Iran only concerns not this because respect, this in more do must We
reduced. much be Cyprus should in Northern garrison Turkish the that agree I
victors. the by convicted countries those from criminals were war World War, Second the in Japan and Germany of defeat after the 1945, until Not
support it. to refuses rightly, quite Council, the and hand, upper the gain to trying Parliament of good illustration a is resolution This
A innovative the are these network: a as Community the academic of of organisation the vision a universities, between movement of system original an of development the Europe, a is multilingual Europe knowledge-based elements.
at level. European in cooperation involved fully becomes it or cooperation transatlantic to favour continues either it choice: fundamental a to make the government British force will NATO, of framework confederate the within position its of terms EU in the to significant also is which intelligence, of gathering the in cooperation European Further connection. in this observation more one add like to should I However,
pacts. in those actively involved get and Brussels Commissioner in the directly to come participate to to wish which local authorities and regions the allow we that ask would I that, to support Member States the get cannot we If
amendment. this support will you hope that I Schulz, Mr reasons, these For all
citizens. Irish to serious concern of cause a remains and been has in London, power seat of cosy from the far Britain, of coast the west on nuclear installation That
Rights? Political and Civil International of Covenant the - of report to obligation the - 40 Article on reservation Pakistan's to objection an EU lodge will the Thirdly, not? they do if Criminal Court International the referral to possible the on deliberation a with standards, report international meet Goldstone the relation to in Israeli investigations and the Palestinian whether to made as be to has judgment a stage, at some that, accept she does Secondly,
diseases. more serious far in result it will time, in treated not is If it disease. of kind is a This
they think are. I what is effect, which media for designed by statements it aggravating of instead down situation the calm try to to Groups, other all the and Group your in as Group, my in colleagues all on call therefore I
surveillance. market for opportunities extending the and seriously really these taking checks States Member the much on very depends it said that those who all with agree however, do, I
2008. August in place took finally that conflict the to escalation the for were sides responsible both that clear very it made report The
funds. of the reallocation for margin a provide This would
One the on equipment energy-efficient on in VAT reduction a is possibility market.
Christian churches. of the vitality continuing the than other Kong Hong in of anything sign no been has There
If or town nearest the into forced be not and expand to so and do encouraged to be they should diversify, to or farm develop their to idea an opportunity or an has daughter his or son his farmer, a village.
results. tangible any had not yet have Islamabad, from and Australia States the United Germany, from diplomats by been have made which aid workers, foreign protect to efforts diplomatic bilateral The
amongst others. prostitution, and adultery apostasy, blasphemy, of cases in applies penalty death the Iran In
This European in standards minimum by be counteracted must companies.
candidate Ladies a is Turkey that mind in bearing directly, also indirectly, but just not the Union, related to directly matter a debate, the of objective main the be to seems which Turkey, of the specifically, democratisation more and, with Turkey of relations matter the is which Union, European the for extreme importance of matter a regarding this addressing Chamber in pleasure I have gentlemen, and country.
'When land appropriations Mugabe's President of madness criminal up the sums tragicomically, neatly, and This Zimbabwe. in farmer white a to according law?, the of breach in formally was I lay eggs, to continued chickens my policy.
my country. in policy that imposition of the of effect destructive the of mention no is but there report, this in in passing features The CAP
life. of working extension the to social systems of contribution the examine will Committee Protection Social the while the systems, of monitoring the on new report a to move shall In we 2005,
There European establishing to comes it when even democracy, not to shortcut is no parties.
objectives. ambitious set more they will that hope I decided. yet not have people Mrs Hedegaard's
Square. October out holding in those support to and step forward a take to way only the is This
This considerable granted been which has measure, specific a subject of the now is been explained, has as which, research, cancer for the case particularly is resources.
report. this in is addressed substances, dangerous all transport of the regard to with consultation, of duty the of topic wider the that fact the group my opposes Fourthly,
disadvantage. a put at is country ACP no ensuring that to be given undoubtedly must consideration because special countries, ACP the on damage any inflicting without control this safeguard to options range adequate of an identifies report Mr Scarbonchi's
text. the on to improve amendments of a number tabling shall be we that the House inform to order in simply examples a few listed have I
inconsistent. is this Clearly,
I common a reach will we finally redress, collective with targeting are we what manner, sincere and open a very in sure, making properly, work our do we if that I believe so our positions, in closer come to starting are we conference, big and a for there invited was solution.
In be will development of the engine as internal market the of completion the this, crucial.
are. they Yes,
protection. to environmental in relation and sphere social the in rights, human of field in the responsibilities by new accompanied be must arena international the in important role more a play determination to China's
applied. it is how including countries, in different people different to things different means it greening about speak you When
It she is that believe I ambitious, and more is proposal Ferreira's Mrs mg/l. mg/l. 350 to mg/l 400 from reduced would be right.
legislation. social all taking on decisions for supranational responsible EU the make to misguided be would it believe we issues, but certain on decision-making coordinate EU to the for acceptable certainly is It
policies. resource and energy our March in in discussed was change that sea to the effect courage political the lack totally we is that problem Our
parliament! a is this meeting, union trade a is not This unacceptable. completely is now just what happened President, Mr
May. in decisions be make to able will we that hope our thus is It
suffering. been they have prices that falling the for producers compensate to needed below amount the far are here mentioned millions The
capitalist system. exploitative the and contesting imperialism and those fighting all against and the struggle grass-roots against used be to freedoms, and rights restricting of means another yet foundation stable more for a provide to order in pretext, necessary the as once again Parliament European the by being used are crime' organised and 'Terrorism
The balance get the to me to seems suggesting is Group PPE the I see which 14 days of period right.
zero. are introduced being embalming systems of standard chances of the issue, so this essential on amendments accept not would the Commission that me informed has rapporteur The
A penny a is saved penny gained.
resources. and staff with adequate provided be should Commission case which the in Commission, by administrated the be should system this that agrees it whether is Council the ask to like would I question other The
(H-1000/96) Theorin by Maj 43 No Question
population. the Iraqi of sections some by attacks violent the causes of the underlying to address is security establish to way only The
Treaty. the Euratom concerns question second My
bodies. public and authorities local conscious environmentally for support a as 2010 implemented by be can that it so possible as soon as off signed be can directive this of revision the that hope my is it and reduced, be must CO2 emissions where areas the of one is know transport We
Europe. over aspect all every in almost tourism products outstanding have that we shown have experience years of three and areas certain in achievements their demonstrate to Europe in regions encouraged tourist competition The
area. common economic the then into Confederation the entry Swiss of the predicted 1990s, early the as back far who, as Jacques Delors, the Commission, of President then the of auspices the under ago years so or 10 began which process institutional and political of a end the marks recommendation draft President, this Mr
report. his on Mr Kirkhope congratulate I
Uzbekistan. in torture evidence of of plenty have seen 'I European Parliament: the of committee temporary the to gave Murray, Mr Craig Uzbekistan, in Ambassador British the evidence the quote me let President, Mr
rights. basic most their workers own its denying systematically its upon based partly is economic progress China’s that is fact contrary, the the On
more justice. even include to expanded must be vision brave This
conclusion be should traffic passenger on regulation why the acceptable reason any see to moment the for difficult it is that is this on The amended.
intention. the not is this - assistance health national of harmonisation propose do not we all that of first remind you to have I However,
support. full my give I To this
out: points rapporteur the as fact, of a As matter
Europe. great our areas of in some agriculture jeopardising a crisis now there is sectors, productive some how, in stress would to like I but analysis, her for Commissioner the to thank like also would I gentlemen, and ladies President, Madam (IT)
Andor. Commissioner congratulate I
five. to brought be will deficit excessive situation a of in longer are no which countries of number the Commission, the of the recommendations adopts Council If the
treated. has been Lithuania which in way of the criticism huge the of because the report of in favour voting am I
ports. coast east serving lines the for funding for TEN made opportunities of be should use and greater capacity freight and passenger both in improvements for crying out England is of East The
agriculture. multifunctional including environment the rural of protection economy rural and the of development question of the is there Finally,
environment. working the signal to strong a out sends and response encouraging highly provides a and rigorous, well documented is which report, why this is That
available. publicly transparent and be to financial interests of their declarations Commissioners' for calls Parliament (f), point In
market. job of the revitalization the is that Union, European the problem one of number resolved the have should we employee, on one just take to position in a enterprise medium-sized and every small put to possible were it one: if simple very a is equation The
area. Schengen the joining States Member of number to a see we expect 2008, In
I work. thanking for warmly of this opportunity take will whom I Färm, Mr by report this to amendments Development's Rural and Agriculture on the Committee behind concerns the out set to primarily therefore want his
Statute. the oppose strengthened, be to Parliament European the want not do who States, the Member and Council the that reason that for is It
citizens. honest of murder even and intimidation of scenes brutal the laughing by at stand The police
this aim. achieve to used be should instruments All available
report. the of in favour therefore is group Our
Addiction, EMCDDA. the Drug and Drugs for Centre Monitoring European the to attention your draw also would I context, this In
Minister Sharon. Prime Israeli the of behest the at murdered cold-bloodedly was Yassin leader Hamas hatred-sowing the week, when last depth another to and plunged reverse, into be going to seem not the does East Middle in violence of spiral negative the President, Mr   
20 million. EUR only is it charge 2%, to were If it
framework. preliminary this without achieved been have Nothing could
businesses. and citizens between solidarity genuine create would which objectives specific through but achieving instant an in created not be would that Europe stated he in which Schuman, by Robert declaration the of anniversary 50th of the celebration the eve of the on directive this approving is Parliament that symbolic it is end - will I this with President and - Mr Lastly,
the EU. outside and inside countries, all to relation in applied equally be should and are universal, principles Such
(H-0542/00): Seppänen Olavi Esko by No 7 Question
measures. development structural on expenditures national replace, than rather to, add Funds Structural under the Member States to the that transfers ensure to order in exists additionality of principle the President, Mr
dollars. billion two of talk I hear
China. by engagement international responsible and active more in encouraging an interest has European Union the internationally, Secondly,
brief. difficult very a was what on work tremendous her on Lambert in Mrs congratulating my colleagues join to like should I President, Madam   
I this adopting of importance the realise Directive.
This the of the course in clearly emerged also has debate.
pressure. to inflationary adding levels, unprecedented to rising all products agricultural basic and steel, oil, minerals of price the economy, with European for difficulties the further presents commodities global rise of sustained and protracted The
muddled. case any in and strident parts some in is one-sided, text, which this for voting be not shall I that say to it suffice but mention, could much I more is There
endeavour. important this very for support your on I count
citizens. of Europe's behalf on of work piece impressive hugely as a regard I what in team Parliament's involved in be to for me privilege huge a was it say that to like just I would
2020. Europe of context the in seriously very pursuing it is Commission that the and crucial is exercise NRP the that true is obviously it But
market. job the of needs the and processes training link between the and training vocational on points the to particularly am referring I
these matters. for responsible Commissioner High Nations United the made to which it rights, human for respect relating to those particularly made, has it those by abide also must Colombian Government the aid, financial regards as commitments our to must hold we While
point. that on agreement in fully are I you so and suggest, you as clear guidelines, are that there sure making by to address seeking am and concerned about am I something is It
it. of ourselves rid to but only problem the solve to really want not do that conclude we to have I respect too, this In
abstained. why I of explanation brief a give to like would I (FI) President, Mr
direction. in this be made to progress is if needed is which governments between confidence mutual strengthen the to manage will you that framework this is within It
restrictions. of current phasing-out, gradual a liberalization, gradual - a important very is this and - with together 1996, December 31 beyond of deadline the extension an proposed have this, we of result a As
3. heading under other appropriations of reduction or a Perspective Financial of the revision a without funded be cannot it that note We also
process. managing this for instruments key of the one is Comitology
diet. our in different culturally be to entitled are Europe in We
issue. on the transparency provide will not it as China, excludes This
people. the Ukrainian signal to a clear sending and broad consensus, on a based agreement political reaching of capable mature, politically is Parliament European the that resolution demonstrates joint The
sanctions. these to subscribing are we present, so few with minority, a such with small today, and sanctions these subscribe to to not Brussels, in February in passionate debate a following majority, a large by decided Parliament
barbaric acts. these of consequences suffering the are who those all to condolences our express to want I Parliament of behalf On
breaks. their take they be when safer they that important is It
I Social and Employment Committee on the of opinion the drafted who Andersson, thank Mr to like should Affairs.
verifiable. and practicable must be which timetable, specific very a but also required, efforts be will major only Not confirmed. has Agency Environment European as the objectives, these achieving way from long a are we that We know
training. academic on mainly instead, focusing, training, vocational of the importance overlooks and market labour the happening in actually what is reflect sufficiently not does initiative this that regret, however, I
I net make major that those are concerned countries the for supported, to said have are twenty-five countries of out six only which view, this dismiss simply to not important it think contributions.
mass destruction. of weapons of question the on particularly Iraq, resolutions on UN various the respecting time the same at while Iraq, situation in humanitarian economic and the improvement of allows the that Nations United the with agreement an reaching and of talks the continuing importance of the of Government the Iraqi to sent be Signals should
end. dead a towards sectors more dynamic the dragging are rather they but ago, years were 30 they situation as the same in even situation, or better in a are States Member and sectors that these mean not does This
Barcelona. in established be to timetables specific for speakers, by some raised been also has need, which the to refer to like would President, I Mr Finally,
If bulk accidents involving occur number of striking a that see can we then shipping, in safety considering are we carriers.
elsewhere. emphasis the shifted has markedly the House of majority a Sterckx's instigation Mr At
(DE) in factor a is farmers among rate death high the and years, coming over further still intensify will land from the towards flight trend the that agree experts Mr President, that.
no results. yielded has World, Third the for support called been has years 20 which Protectionism, for
rights. consumer protection their assert to able genuinely also they are that so citizens redress for collective want We
reduction. any accept will Parliament that unlikely with it 2013, until at least be maintained to budget CAP the for calls report the positive that very it consider I so budget, (CAP) agricultural policy common the EU's by reinforcing also procedures, but simplifying by it into life new breathe to need a there is end, this To
the result. toys be might or drugs cars, fast drinks, alcoholic for ban advertising An
agenda. whole Palermo the cover proposals these Yet
solutions. best the out and seeking way half other each meeting is thinking about European clear: also is point My last
foreseeable future. the in expected are improvements great no where and collapsed have economies decade, past the where, over countries, European eastern all for support financial for desperate need is a There (NL) -
point. turning critical a reached has The EU
agriculture. on spending on budget than Community of the the size on more reflects that moment but the at budget Community the of % 40 about it is Yes,
square. the off round or square circle the to trying are we that illustrates clearly debate which another yet is this gentlemen, President, and ladies Mr
We the all and Dess, Mr rapporteur, the thank to therefore like would I difficulties, and despite the succeeded, have Members.
services. social health and of deterioration as a well as citizens, of majority the vast to suffering but bring nothing they that certain is is which thing only The
chastity. their prove to examinations gynaecological abusive undergo to and forced hospital marched to are women boys, teenage by on Spied
Alvaro. by Mr tabled the amendment mentioned already have I amendments, the Regarding
new policy. a of development than the rather policy agricultural common existing the of development calls further for report This
thank you. Commissioner, President, Mr
against these. thus voted and have wordings the all with agree not we do if even discrimination, to subjected being not of right fundamental enjoy the to able being States EU Member the of citizens all for support our demonstrate in to order whole a as report the decided support to therefore have We
system. rate green the to happen will what to know farmers European for appropriate also is it think that I and each other to "rivetted' will be rates certain May in clear, made have already Ministers Finance the As
forces. market strict subject to be to not food and agriculture of area strategic the for perspective, qualitative a quantitative and both from a and, level and European international both at resume control to rights, its regain to policy for agricultural call therefore I
Bank. European Central the of shareholder a not is Union European Furthermore, the
biodiversity. is quite rightly, these, of One
version. language Dutch of the paragraph first the of out left been has essential an verb on Turkey, resolution the concerning event, any At
being available. fuel of reliability the adds to and corrosion, problems of controlled, reduces be can process the combustion the way improves combustion combined as plants, power in wood of use added the It promotes
further. gone have Plan could Action Bali the where specifies and agree, I with negotiations, which future in EU the of role the on observations of number a makes in outcome Bali, achieved the supports it since Change Climate on Committee Temporary the of resolution the of favour in voting am I
matter. complicated this changes on proposing any of intention no Commission has the that you assure can I
for that. need the see to - few but a name to terrorism, and crime international trafficking, human drugs, - borders today our facing have we problems the many look at to have only We
anyway! the label read to able be longer no will they state, that reach they time the by that submit I but it, glass of another they can drink whether see to the beverage label the on consult can they extent, certain a to alcohol of influence the under already consumers are when that said She
part. one clarify to would like and report the Commissioner's hear to pleased I was President, Mr (HU)
President. Mr white, and black in is it here and morning, this voted on been have reports should Pericles two The
deleted. have this to amendment an down put have and incineration of 're-branding' the to opposed remain We
however. Finland, to applies this suggest to that like not would I
other institutions. the and Parliament both for paramount importance is of matters budgetary towards attitude responsible A
our dignity. retain us Let
annex. the in included already is proposes Ferrer substance Mr which the However,
industry. own its for opportunities any really given not was and aid humanitarian with off fobbed was Macedonia
unacceptable. is That
sand. in the heads our burying stop must we right, you are and on fire, is house when your stupid is Pact The
requirements. our existing up tighten practice and in developments improve to serve could emissions, and sulphur nitrogen on taxes example for instruments, economic of use the that convinced also am I
abstain. to had regretfully therefore and I President, Mr unacceptable, wholly is This
association. of national forms to parallel in Community law under structure independent an Regulation creates proposed The
supplements. all reflect should directive the in supplement food definition a of The
broad. very are indeed brushstrokes These
attend. to course have of Fischler Mr and Lamy Mr Conference, which Doha the as calendar, such the international on conferences world are major there when - us with is Lamy Commissioner see I because that I say - exceptions course of are There
beds. these in have died because people consequences, safety are There
visa-free regime. a on talks EU-Russia issue to this tying without enclave's inhabitants, the for States Member EU to travel of conditions special of introduction for the Brussels, called in the Commission European of building the at Kaliningrad, picketing in organisations social from Recently, representatives
7.
Community legislation. implementing are States Member how of scoreboard a us give to up as so this follow to continue I will and this year March in place will take exercise second A
Fund. development regional possible single a or Cohesion Fund the of that Community occupied initiatives, by the place policy, cohesion future the of the instruments as such discuss, or debate must we that points are There
year. this October not beyond extend does negotiation for mandate the and 30 November on expires agreement The
Europe in authorities strong without work not will Brussels.
I 2002 the for procedure conciliation the for preparation in trialogue in the part take to duties s Commissioner' the budget part is of it that saying without it goes and once at places two in be course of cannot I out that point again must budget.
democratic. particularly been not has of dossier this handling Palacio’s de Commissioner that reiterate to like would I other Members, said by has been what to addition In
example. regions, for remote to assistance extra grant to he that wants in principle, pays' the 'user depart from to proposal rapporteur' s the with along go not do I Finally,
July. in be paid will tranche EC first The
Union. European the of the citizens for also but institutions, the for just not is, issue this important shows how itself in House, which this up in has come often that one Russia is with relations of issue the gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, President, Mr (BG)
cross-border discussions. more and debate democratic more need we all above but intelligent, more be need to they rules, stricter want we If
policy. immigration common a on agree to Member States 27 the get efforts to continuing for his years two last and the over immigration of subject the on has shown he that sensitivity the for Frattini Franco Commissioner thank to like would I point this On
workers. women on effect exclusive almost and serious a have - demand to in changes response and the rapid range of the end top the towards production of reorientation the production, some delocalization of the technologies, new of introduction as the such sector - the within strategies restructuring The various
freedoms. economic to subordinated not be must principles Social
it. accommodate to left little space was there though even categories existing the of limits the funded be within had it to because secure funding to book the in trick every use had to we when Food Facility, billion 1 EUR the had we In 2008
Careful be will preparations made.
reached. be will that agreement this of nature binding the question into call or undermine possible to be not must Moreover, it
alone. well Internet industry and entertainment the of the profitability leave to is which its authors, of intention real the reveals Commission recommendation the of title very The .–   
.
report. the therefore rejected I
As civil with servants civil many dealing too other words in staff-to-staff, much too are relationships the that think I servant, civil former a servants.
to tyre-manufacturers. well-known are that criteria conflicting of often range to a according estimated is performance Global
level. national at with dealt be to policies energy are opinion that our is It
desperately slowly. so progressing is it that fact the about frustration of amount enormous an feel all and we East Middle the in process the peace possible support to way every in to try is important how it appreciates of course, opinions differing slightly some with Everyone,
today. reports these House the given and issues these with grappled have Ludford Baroness Mrs and Haarder Mrs Malmström, reports, today's of authors the of three that are proud House this Democrats in Liberal
openness. of principle the with compliance possible fullest the by guided be must agencies and services institutions, the bodies, EU's all by taken decisions and actions The
supplementary question. a become to order point a of allow and courteous will be in turn, I, and is, he courteous how all know we since question, your to respond will Marín Mr hope that I
against women. violence of subject the to which attention drew I in rights human on report annual the on report a wrote myself ago, I years five Almost
like demagogues. acting be will we otherwise are, alternatives the see what us let restructuring, about talking start we before So,
ever before. than important more become has monitoring of significance the crisis, social and economic major current the In
support. your on count also can that we hope, Commissioner, we and idea group' s my supports Parliament the European that fact about the pleased am I
We social-care the and as health such sectors, growth other jobs in and jobs green-collar future: the of jobs the for people prepare to need sector.
policy. positive a implement to Union European the for be not possible will it towards democracy, greater significant step a takes Lukashenko President as time such Until
standards. restoring democratic in tool important an are the and press, media the is that estate, fourth The
rights. human Finally,
impasse. an to today's debate have reduced to appear which exceptional conditions of the an analysis in engaging is everyone gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, President-in-Office, Mr President, Madam
That and management of crisis interests the in Union the of potential military the day, the end of the at and, economic the political, combine the instead and security policies national from individual itself distance finally to able is Union the European when achieve to be able shall we peace-keeping.
Union approaches. Customs on vote the two: Act
( 1.
do. to intend you what us tell to and to act you of asking us are several there why is This
unemployed? additional so many create clearly will decision, which this alter to unanimous agreement reach possible to not is why So
EU. the of members – become foreseeable future the in – will yet never relations, they special need and have we which with countries are already there reasons, political and cultural social, even and trade economic, security, energy, for that, know all We
things. new learn travel and afford to cannot students example, many for where, States Member new the in needs of account take they whether see and training programmes our at look must We
measure. such a to introduce which with instrument legal the appropriate not is this Furthermore,
alone. growth than rather with grips to get to you have that reforms is the that Commissioner, it follows, It
standards. these uphold to – up drawing in involved actively very were you which of catalogue the – concerned are freedoms rights and particularly fundamental where able, is Barroso Commission whether the days come, to the in be, will The question
Treaty. existing the to amendments textual the on stage negotiating the to now move should we that asked clearly European Council Florence The
make. requests to unreasonable not are These
left) the from (Applause
action. take to Mugabe on put pressure and intervene to equally leaders African other call on would but Nigeria, in meeting Government of Heads Commonwealth the following Desmond Tutu by Archbishop intervention We the welcome
Only for future precedent a as impact positive real and a has and acceptable that is FTA truly balanced a of speak we can additional progress some achieving when FTAs.
required: is urgent action where areas three there are particular In
respect. that the in Parliament European by proposals clear are and been have there and the of product, quality the improving at aimed measures to given should be priority reformed, is sector the When
inefficient. and bureaucratic costly, is which information, exchange of system of the only retain to order in works, which source, taxation at of the system abolish voted to - House this of Members the majority of the represents from far it although - Parliament of majority logic, a all against because, savings, taxation of the on proposal Commission's the worse even than is which report, Hamon the against vote course of I President, did (FR) Madam
fleets. the in reductions capacity the on based distinction a making Commission by the undermined is Justice further
justified. are not feel I that doubts raises report the issues, sensitive on certain that, observed have also Nonetheless, I
aware, President. Mr well you are as acceptable, ruled been have other subjects and landmines on ban general a as such on issues declarations Yet
fleet. dredger concerns the point second My
crisis. to victim the falls that company a or farmer a a consumer, consequence to no is of that crime, a even or accident, an or disease a by caused is this as such crisis whether a clear that is it for this, in support Union's the count on able to be also will Belgium that hope I
recommended. may be redress of means Alternative
citizens. of to those similar protection and rights enjoy who of people category privileged a are Estonia and Latvia in non-citizens groups, other to compared noted that, 9 June, on ago days few a released Refugees, for Commissioner High UN the of the Secretariat report statistical of The annual
today. important is very vote Your
day. times a three at least eat normally we that is fact The
support. give my to impossible found it I own countries, our of some involves which and already started, has action which military take to decision the condemned which specifically passed amendment an when However,
that. have said who Members certain with agree I
wish. might they everything achieve parliaments never if even that, for grateful I fundamentally am
I of regions the in capacity up protection step and to protection international of need in persons of EU the into organised entry better and orderly develop to both measures creation of the asylum policy, common European current the to addition in proposes, it where particular in report, the endorse origin.
intensively. role this develop should now and observation election role in leading a on taken has The EU
I his on Wiebenga congratulate Mr warmly to like should report.
That forthcoming for well bodes I think something is negotiations.
departure. of country the outside bought be have to destinations remote to tickets train that case the often is it and rail timetables international obtain hard to increasingly It is
sexes. both from representatives with the Commission, for candidates three nominate must States Member the all effect that the to Convention from the proposal the comply with will States Member the Commission, forthcoming the of the appointment connection with that, in hope I time, same the At
directive frontiers' without The 'Television Subject:
is regulatory different completely a needs each because proper distinction, a have we that vital It framework.
to say. things good many has It
violence. suffering or being abused is child when the for final resort a be should - matter the sides two to are there for - their children from taking mothers and mothers, their from children Taking
accusations. object such to I years, many for a journalist been has who one as least Not
I positive very a is of what favour in voting from me prevented not has issue, this but this opposition on complete my maintain report.
words. other on heaped words exclusively and solely will remain they not, if - this measures combat to specific and detailed to preliminary immediate an they that are condition on only but purposes, sexual for children and women in trade on the further studies and communications further preparing is the Commission that fact the appreciated much We very
represents. cheque blank coherence this political what exactly wonders one proposed amendments, his in yesterday intervention and his in said rightly Coûteaux Paul-Marie As
cars. friendly environmentally more build did not industry automotive European the if hybrid car Japanese a buying be soon would he that on Monday press Luxembourg the European told he convinced a that as and car official new getting is a he that is know I do What
the Community. by controlled closely case any in are States Member of all finances the public common currency the and of EMU stage third the With
them. from draw to intends Commission the conclusions the state to further, and events these condemn to Commissioner the urge I
information. better and more with consumers providing created, thus environment transparent and stable a more and better combated be can market the in existing uncertainties the way, this In
Commission. this of member a longer is Mr Buttiglione no fact, In
Union? the to in buy we biofuel the for etc. rights, union pay, acceptable guaranteeing example, for for biofuels, standards social also but biofuels for environmental not criteria only up draw to prepared you Are Council: to the especially maybe question, the following put to opportunity the take like to I would
workers borders. across sex of flow the stop order to in imperative absolutely is Kong, Hong Vietnam, Thailand, Cooperation between
competence. national a is this that understand also I and so, is this that agree I absolutely
awareness. and public greater involvement public full be must there developed further be to them order for in and procedures, medical are transplantation and donation Organ
sector. port the support have of the must policy port European achieving at attempts future but vital, also is ports between competition enhanced island, an As
It the by actions implemented and policies the defining when impact this dimension of urban the of account proper take essential to is, therefore, Commission.
One and capital goods, of not persons, just of movement free the for potential create the to is collaboration European behind concepts the underlying of services.
nothing else. and Jaeger and SIMAP of rulings Court the with should deal we ago, years five debate this outset of the I at said As
exercise. revision the included present in already are which energies renewable and change climate of importance the share We fully
fact. a is This
important point. very a is That
enlargements. concerning future position my state to opportunity this use to like I should
Barnier. Commissioner to back to take Liikanen Commissioner ask I would that questions of number a There are
cooperation. cross-border of system a functioning requires also This
The to and share accommodate, to to and urge learn, to to and listen willingness to our been has ours of Union this of strength support.
is. it important as security, internal to devoted been has time although less security, internal external and both at have looked We
standards. administrative and high technical with country developed is a Taiwan
time. five years' in policy European be perhaps could thinking today's fit not in do that Things
   Colombia the so-called of – of Ireland Republic the to – to Dublin the return we witnessed summer, during the that, fact the to the House of the attention draw to like would I Allister, Mr as lines same the along President, Mr Three.
realized. being fully of threshold the on gas are for and electricity markets for internal The
countries. developing from markets badly needed taking be will still We
years. thirty revolution every a necessitating farming intensive single-crop on based units production industrial as forests exclusively sees he that impression regrettable the get I
politics. balanced is That
energy. mentioned renewable have You
weak. too been simply has Directive the Safety Product that shown be it can Here
Since duty to a has international community the increased: has violence the elections, the intervene.
their assets. of management individual example, for request, who customers services to additional provide to allowed be will and European passport enjoy a schemes will savings these run generally which companies management Secondly, the
these negotiations. in parliaments the and public involve the and to future in transparent Agreement the ACTA on negotiations the to make clearly very Commission, the you, asked Parliament European the ago, year a than more De Gucht, Mr President, Mr (DE)
States. Member these new in agriculture of deterioration serious a resulting in is policy agricultural common discriminatory current the since States, the Member in new potential agricultural maximising the is element urgent particularly One
struggle. political the compete in able to be to order in terms equal on others the join to room him and allow opponent political its abusing stop Government to Cambodian the ask and intervene certainly could we cases, other in As
A next the before taken be have to to going are now Council the in weighting vote on decisions important number of enlargement.
it. with useless connected the charges bear not will so and currency change their to have longer no reason, will any for territory European in travelling anyone including Tourists,
Council. the in Burma against regime sanctions the up toughen to ASEM in and in session plenary discussed was record rights human Burma's that to ensure able we were least At
President the by Statement
morning. this it described Royo Pérez Mr government, as economic an resembling something or Bank, Central the of equivalent political become that the could proposal a with up came yesterday France
Minutes) see vote: the on details and results other the (For
   port of liberalisation the on the of directive version third its in us to is proposing European Commission the what this is qualifications: professional and safety standards of lowering the and social dumping and dumping wage cuts, .Job services.
Following 'gentlemen's the 30-year-old replace to of expenditure reviews on agreement formal a need institutions both Lisbon, of Treaty of the force into the entry agreement'.
I abroad. India in both shrines Sikh Jain and Christian, Islamic, Hindu, various to visits paid have and
equally. treated be (GIs) will indications geographical Europe's that ensure to have managed particular, we In
tariffs. without poorer countries, the from imported mainly is 85% remaining The
prices. of establishment the in factor a not are practices anti-competitive that a guarantee firm deserves opinion Portuguese public
waters. ground and surface all apply to to legislation Community water of piece first is the This
Strasbourg? direct to about flights something do he airport, could the at job that get does he if well, him wishing Christmas, by of spirit the in Minister, the ask to like I should
far. so and denominations nationalities different between harmony peace and ensuring in and restructuring and economic social in progress acknowledged Kazakhstan’s gladly has community international the as regrettable, especially is This
p.m.) 10.55 closed at was sitting (The
institutions. European the reform decisions and take to inability our the of consequences countries bear the candidate make to fair seem however, not, does It
indispensable. is pollination in plant bees of role The
talks. round of fourth up the wrapped just have We
This the of adaptation necessary the postpone to pretext a as not used is it that provided States, the European amongst fund additional an we need and that IOPCF compensation, ceiling for the raise progressively necessary to me to seems it why is IOPCF.
research. scientific and trade external industry, is specialisation of area Energy' s Research Trade, and External Industry, on Committee President, the Mr
place It in put be to needs - elderly the for aid course of and warning system early an heat, exposure to reduced - preventive measures of system a that us to here. appears
targets. national compulsory non of issue the the hand, one on
previous the question. to referred it because supplementary, that to take prepared not am I
more lively. efficient and more made be can Parliament in work our how now year over a discussing for been have We
gas. oil cheap and be will it and gas, and oil in swimming less more or shall be we future, the in increases demand Even if
Madam Danish major a in headline a prompted it was published Commission the from proposal the when newspaper. President,
ones stopped. rich to States Member new from capital of transfer and introduced should be capital finance of flow of the control Fourthly, precise
Brussels visited recently. they when Parliament European the of Members us also met you mentioned Representatives High US the Garrido, López Mr President, Madam
results. of Europe the that of agree, is which we with forward, put you that priority further A
resolution. this of in favour voted I these reasons, For
account. report into its take shall we opinion and given its already has Development on Committee The
law. protection data of European in breach are they otherwise territory; British targets from European against conducted American espionage of control legitimate and establish effective to European Union, the of members are fellow they since friends, British our call on also We
people? for mobile pensions mobile are getting we when me asked has Peijs Mrs
gift. a considered be must ago year a granted already loan billion 110 EUR the that demonstrates Friday envisaged last billion 60 package rescue EUR of draft new The
citizens. European across spread evenly is measures these implementing for onus the ensuring that in way some will go these responsibility; prevention producer and of concepts the welcome I such, As
development. of form different a mean can this Union, European for the that, believe we But
requires. Union European the what is which levels safety, of the highest with and way the right in done are things that citizens to all provide guarantees consequently, must also, standards These Union. the of States member be themselves time in will which candidate countries, the of also Union, but the of members current fifteen the of only the not part on compliance with mandatory Community acquis, a constitute which standards European Union, in the installations in standards safety common be to there for need the i.e. have expressed, you that concern the to respond will safety, which nuclear specifically on initiatives of package a Parliament this to and Council to present to coming months, in the able, be to hope I that other the speakers to and Rübig Mr to to say like therefore, should, I
Employment. and Growth for Strategy the Lisbon of implementation the state of evaluate will Council European the subject this On
inspectors. state of number the to increase important extremely also It is
chaos. Russia's and crisis in part Russia's our recognise should We
report. through the runs That training. education and in investment more financial for need continuing the shows this report However,
about. uncomfortable very which are we and like not we do which to, accustomed not are we which thus something is It
this. help in will which instrument one is process The Barcelona
President. Mr you, Thank
come. to years many for also but present the for not just lost, be really would challenge Otherwise, the
so. do not do I you, to proposals budgetary and legislative submits It
reports. own Nations’ United the by undermined is democracy ready for not is world Arab the that have many that the perception So
regions. outermost and regions convergence in the excellence support to and seeks 'Research infrastructures' entitled chapter the refers to amendment this Amendment 273:
earlier... gave you that performance that but after sorry, I am And
the subject. on expert is an Garot Mr veal, and beef to regard With
knows that. hear and see read, can who Anyone
understandable. is This
then. and done there so have should you protest, to wanted you If
followed. be to procedure course of a is there assessed, and be considered must which phenomena new happens with always As
matter... serious very a is President, this Mr
sympathisers. militants and 300 than more with together DTP of the presidents vice three imprisoning all you, ordered against has Minister Erdoğan Prime that operations police the condemn firmly we reason this for Turkey, in and democracy fostering for tool essential an is DTP the that acknowledge We
angle. wrong the from tackled be not should the problems case this Moreover, in
objective. our closer to us bring will policy multifaceted integrated a only that sign a years, is 40 for it about talking been have and today, about this talking still are that we fact The
must be to abstained who and against, who for, voted who recorded, clearly for be to vote the for instructions give You recorded.
women. of stoning the that was and case one in successful only We were
work. his diligent of the results Jarzembowski for Mr my colleague and do to has endeavoured it job thorough the for Commission the congratulate I
system. financial the in greater stability and close regulation for the need decision on last year's was period functional the current in European Parliament the by taken steps best the of one opinion my in and gentlemen, ladies President, Mr (SK) -
feared. had I as It was
Prohibition in the drink alcohol an who enjoys everyone to available that is content about information the users drug Prohibition denies theft. and corruption fosters evening.
of break-up China. the to leading effect domino possible a fear of Government's Chinese to the opposed as self-determination, for Tibetans of the wish been the has China and Tibet people of the between of dispute issue core the essence, In
up. drawn was the budget since date to applied has which rate exchange favourable of the account on available had we the margin by secondly, and, operational 100 % being before needs such staff period training the by firstly, justified, SAB, is this of means 1997, by to posts of allocation the forward for bringing The reason
There the of favour in down rounding a be consumer. must
substance. given be to have now which expectations have raised acidification strategy the EU concerning conclusions s Council' The
euro? the Union and European the in being of the benefits know that people so us for things good the claim and comments the positive make to going is Who
Today poor the in is, that countries, developing the found in are resources of genetic majority the world.
food and prices. feed rising on focus to necessary is it that belief delegation's the It is
At in the them for down laid obligations the fulfilling they are that demonstrate must Council the Commission and the Parliament, this success, great a been have implementation its and euro the when a point Treaties.
States. Member the by made are specific requests when and if Fund Refugee and European Fund Borders the External mobilised under be could million which 25 EUR identified rapidly We have
answer. and convincing clear your for Oettinger, Mr very much, you Thank (DE)
To important this on taken be would decision a indicating when timeframe a producing least at to and decisions, making to ultimately commitment greatest shown the would have Presidency, Swedish the behalf of you, on that heart my of the bottom from hoped had I Danielsson, Mr truth, the you tell regulation.
challenges. tough many confronted with recently been have which markets fund EU for development welcome very a be will outcome an Such
differences. any regional out smoothing and simpler making areas, relevant it the in legislation existing the improving proposes report Mr Lehtinen's protection, better consumers offer To
right now. you inform will I
austerity. fiscal and growth economic sluggish of background a against our commitments to stick to needed be will Continued efforts
When 2006 the – until themselves guidelines the unpack not to agreed implicitly we year, guidelines last employment and economic the of streamlining the to agreed we mid-point.
located. also is museum Parthenon new the where Acropolis the foot the of at place took signing ceremony the accession Finally,
some time. for been that doing have most indeed and measures such adopt entitled to are Member States that out point to like would I Berès, Mrs However,
I plastics. on proposal Commission’s the accelerate to wish Parliament’s understand recycled
right. own its in issue as an tourism recognise and to budget lines, appropriate programme and appropriate an base, legal a find to made be last at should efforts believe that we factors, these all of view In
eight. former the to compared objectives three main with structure, very its terms of in programme and accessible more open a created have programme we 2007 Culture new the in For example,
lobby. the nuclear with have you links close what This shows
Barroso. President by up set was that force task through the have will Commission the role continuing the see to is reassuring and Ireland it in process peace the to true friends been have Commissioners previous the and Commissioner Hübner
it. behind market one bond without currency a there is world the Nowhere in
the regions. poorer of development support the to effort every makes and equilibrium social for strives that government active an also needs Slovakia
Russia. on policy EU’s the in account taken into be also that must factor a potential, region’s of use the full make to possible makes it that policy a expect there The people
against women. violence combat to those as such measures launched specific have We
Mr Turkish and Greek both for rights human of issue an is problem Cyprus the President, Cypriots.
PACT to 1997 from runs II 2001.
Germany. in reforms such of particular lack is a There
Firstly, drugs combating the to road royal no is there problem.
In EU outside reception camps of establishment the on is position Council’s the what visas, and and passports data in biometric use of the on holds Council the of the Presidency opinion what ask to like should context, I this territory.
Namaste!
responsibility. of sense a great with Council by the taken been have Decisions
The venture European joint the of is that scheme second .
for Europe. task important extremely an is This
this sitting. in to discuss are we those of exciting most the not undoubtedly is us before report the President, Mr
compromise. offered a are we today, So,
practice. in control to impossible equally and implement to impossible is it because European law under exist does not concept This group. a of concept the define not does the text too is low, limit this that fact the from apart stress that, to like would I concerned, is 15% group to same the investments in limiting provision new a for proposal as the far As
With net contributing in funds these of the use of impact direct the of terms in Funds Structural these impact of the on information with you provide eager be to very shall I study, macroeconomic this to regard countries.
Fruteau Report: -
mistake. be a would This
policy. coordinated single a establish to the effort and visible more poverty of problem the make to initiative the welcome Consequently, I
I go Korea South in the accident nuclear about received just have I that information the let however, unrecognised. cannot,
This monetary support continues to area euro the in rates interest of level low historically the that fact the in reflects part expansion.
I his on interests declaration of annual publish his decision to Ombudsman's the and achieved were 2009 for objectives the fact that the as well as Plan, Management Annual the in indicators performance key of the welcome implementation the also website.
From longer no are they weapons; become will words and talking the doing be will weapons on now reliable.
Erkel? Dr of secure release the order in to months and weeks few next the over taking be Council the will steps What
imports. from competition fierce with faced industry of are European sectors some context, general that In
serve growth. must itself, it in end an be cannot Stability
inviolable. are the area in the borders all that principle the by firmly stands it that repeated Council the occasion same the On
of establishment With the including yet, as details the on position a to take disinclined are we that remark like to would we report, s Mr Ferber' to regard posts.
this process. of whole the behind force the driving be EU can the that hope therefore We
home. the in functions electronic integrated ever more of part a will be TV where digital situation a have the future, shall, in we concerned, TV is where that, think I
place. takes conflict armed which in countries just to confined are not women against discrimination and violence because children, and women become, victims especially their numerous more the increase, two these more The
beef. Brazilian regarding argument your convinced about not am Secondly, I
beginning. the in case the not needs was which here, the identify to easier a little becoming already is It
Commission. the President of be to him asked have we and Commission the of President as him respect We
European view. the adopt to over the Americans win exactly not will resolution's tone The
Portuguese. in europeias globais linguas world' languages: 'European the ago years few a called I what to attention draws This
good. very are results the and Netherlands, in the done what is is This
basis. sound on a develop to chance the give them to Union the European of spirit entrepreneurial the to and society this to it owe we that mind in bear We must
How to the approach of kind this uses that organisation the within balance the in upheaval the astonishing see do you situation?
coherence. of minimum show the should that we believe I
Policy. Fisheries towards Common the felt and resentment anger the for reason main the is This
I and switching levels, satisfaction, price complaints, namely on, has focused Commission the that areas five the welcome safety.
clarification. for need no is there and that objection to no can be There
I to eliminate programme national and a torture of complaints investigate to committee standing a establishment of the and procedure criminal and procedure judicial of codes new of welcome enactment the poverty.
market. global in the one-third share of a excess in has it segments; market several important in leader world a is industry aerospace The European
regulation. new the forward into carried is being contention of point This
accordingly. punished and opposed be and must violations rights human serious most of the one is zones, conflict armed or the home in whether committed Gender-related violence,
announced. been just that has proposal Commission's the of hear to pleased am I Commissioner, likewise, paternity leave; established have that States Member the all I congratulate
measurement. to be subject not should they mean that not that does this, but of favour in am too, I,
2004. in presidency the early Irish under upon agreed be will position common that a hope now we and Council in slow progress the about concern share her we points, Lucas’ Mrs specifically to more response In
published. and prepared been have 1997 and 1996 for follow-up of reports two series Thus,
decades. in China in crackdown police severe most of the is part detention His
respect. in this Policy and Consumer Health Public Environment, on the Committee the from amendment an therefore is There
competition. international of the needs meet ports help European to us enabled would have amendments proposed The
Russian Federation. the in autonomy of degree greatest the autonomy, indeed of degree high a has Kazan, is which of capital the Tatarstan,
goals. basic the achieving from us prevent will too much achieve to who wish those said, already have I As
and speed. size and power of basis the on cars promotion of the towards goes expenditure of advertising high proportion very that a shown have Studies
Schreyer. Mrs you, Thank
in Ten working spouses assisting for rights pension independent and rights benefits, social other among provide, to statute framework European a we recommended years ago agriculture.
technology. new investment in includes This
referendum. a with in Article 46, prescribed citizens, of signatures million a of collection the reward possible actually longer to no is It
assistance. their for the consultation public to contributed who those all and Commissioner Geoghegan-Quinn, Presidency, Belgian of the Cerexhe Mr colleagues, my thank to also like would I
ten years. over exports Africa' s South of 95% to markets its up open Europe will
Frankly, this buying to Member States time the commit same the at not and equipment, military of harmonisation coordinate and promote to in particular intended agency, arms European a both want can we understand how not I do gentlemen, and ladies equipment.
labelling. the confident of be very to have consumers So
any money. without and accommodation without stuck are they and their from holidays, back to come not able been they have because school, to go children cannot their jobs, their to back get and leave to unable are world. They the of corners far-flung stranded in are people many However,
for. Sotoudeh stood that Nasrin justice the honour and to impunity end to step and necessary effective an be will executions, torture and rape, censorship, for through, example, rights human violating for responsible individuals against sanctions that confident am I sanctions, economic of impact about the sceptical am I while However,
motivated. countries candidate keep to need we that know We
The monitor to Parliament of opportunity the and work the in participation s the Commission' terms of in both Convention, Europol the in the regulations on based are opinion issue its to is Parliament which on decisions Council it. proposed
centenarians. more more and have shall We
countries. ACP the of economies of the resultant pillaging the and conclusion, their to ensure development aid of form the in blackmail of use Commission's the agreement, that in set out Agreements European Partnership the of implementation the denounce We
5. No Amendment relation to in question that raises havens and tax to refers rapporteur's report the text of the Secondly,
In our into integrate Ukraine help always but criticise, not we must and requires time that this understand must - institutions its and Union European the we - but reforms, constitutional implement to Ukraine for important very doubtless is it countries, neighbouring with and country within the both stability long-term political ensure to order family.
freedom. individual and - democracy great ally our of values the share we and families their and victims the of civilian grief the We share
workers. frontier of terms in effect, especially discriminatory a has evidently which a directive drafting are point: we my first is That
generation. future the on and children their on influence emotional greater have a who women, Roma with dialogue not forget therefore must inclusion, we Roma to relation In
assistance. trade on Strategy EU the of framework within the 2010 by billion 1 EUR to trade area the of in assistance increase committed to States Member its and European Community the both 2007, October aware, in are you As
right. human basic a is knowledge and obtain information to freedom China: the in broadcasts NTDTV restore to Eutelsat requests Parliament This
country. own my in airport Take Ostend
conditions. fundamental two on based be me, to seems it must, value added this European policy, This
policy. Community forms of all other in imperatives of environmental account take to States Member requires ratify, to decided today has my country which Treaty, Amsterdam the practice, because areas into other in including sustainability of the idea put fact in can we not or whether is still important More
conclusion, Europe's on down bear that problems the on progress achieve definite must we that repeat will I Member States, the and the Commission addressing In people.
service operators. postal convenience of the to according part and in only used or up broken be cannot which network comprehensive a be distribution, will to collection from the network, that guarantee to way only the is This
policy. development on expenditure public increased for consent taxpayers' to secure hard be will it them, Without
established. can be harmonisation for framework precise a that and all for and once defined be could matters tax of field Treaty, the the reform of Convention and next the in if, idea a good be would it comment; last from my stems that advice of a piece with President, Madam conclude, like to I would
too. success s Union' European the and success s be Parliament' will field this in success your because Commissioner, you success, wish We
impact’. significant a have to ‘unlikely was it that – studies no such were there that to say having avoid as to – so said Commissioner the for example, Portugal in EU, the clothing in sector and textile the on this Agreement of impact on the studies of existence the concerning Commission the to previous question In a
As reasonable task within their out to carry being able longer no of - short term the in - risk the run bodies judicial Community the reform, fundamental without that, convinced is Commission the aware, is Parliament your deadlines.
opinions. draftsmen of other the of and Cederschiöld Mrs Hautala, Mrs Mr Watson, of true also is that but job, done a sterling has He
conditions the establishing 2012/2002 No Regulation Council in are detailed Fund the to eligibility of The EUSF.
It in the products market to authorisation the concerns legislation this that means EU.
direct slaughter. for except other holdings from animals with contact into come to animals allow not do transports such any that ensure to safeguards are also important There
dialogue. political through values these and push promote attempt to constantly We
groupings. of such activities the on ban clear introduce a must Union The
I it and makes 46 Amendment in out law set the respects that compromise of a framework the in work, hard our up on follow to us will allow which consultation, public wide, multi-partnership-style a of prospect the by delighted am I that saying gentlemen, by and ladies conclude, to like would applicable.
force. into comes Constitution the European if successfully proceed only can enlargement that further states in effect, which, this report of the premise with disagree fundamentally we However,
law. international to was contrary It
East. Middle the specifically, in as, concentrated freedom as of lack the is world in the Nowhere
wages. in reduction a to hours in working reduction of a subordinating hypothesis the is impracticable more Even
1: Amendment on vote the - Before
The defined clearly to is subject Europe in wine of manufacturing and production conditions.
politically. decline also will therefore economically and decline will it path, growth restore its not does Europe If
kind. this act of a legal for Treaty the in none is there because Regulatory Agencies, the for basis any legal admit to possible considered was it Nor
changed. our world and struck tragedy moved, earth the Mr President,   
The public European guardian the of the as body, superior a as Commission the of stop thinking to is do to thing the first that is Nations of Europe a for Independents Group the of of view interest.
American measures. the of suspension the about spoken have of Parliament Members Various
Europe. of heart at the hold taking are and violence xenophobic racist of acts President, Mr
partner. and friend Europe America’s is that clear it make should We
the to floor. come have to never ought matter that a up with taken been have should vote, our of whole the today, our agenda of the whole that House this on credit no it reflects President, Mr
public investment. employment through full of concept the introduces and profits of fairer distribution a about talks report The
(DE) on the rapporteur with agree I hold; must time working be considered to is time on-call of entirety that the principle the President, this. Mr
Income the in the worst is infrastructure road the high whilst very is comparatively Gozo and Malta in registration car from EU.
characteristics. and schools' ethos around well as as trainers teacher and teachers around issues finally, skills and, basic of mastery background their and between pupils' link the attitudes, and performance differences in gender motivation, maintain and autonomy to acquire learners helping in use their and skills basic on technologies new of impact the technology, and science maths, literacy, motivation reading, for design, curriculum areas: following the on work their joint focus to States Member and Commission the invited Council the November 2010, In
grants. through quality of sufficient products visual audio create capacity to the have not which do support countries, to account, societies into their and countries Union European small new of specific needs the takes which submitted, have I proposal the approve to you ask I therefore
over. are Commission and Council the the between processes bargaining drawn-out long the wait until cannot which and exist to order in funds need these organizations which is, that NGOs, number of large a affect will it analysis, final the In
knees. bee's the looks who Lulling, as Mrs appropriately as dress afternoon not this did I point: one further me make Let
reality. of test the withstand to able be should rules The adopted
Convention. the in settled been not have which questions of number a are there complains that Buffetaut Mr
proposal. a legislative forward bring to the Commission ask – to right same the had already Council the and – right the Parliament gave this Treaty The Maastricht
Since last Russia to went beef of European tonnes 000 400 market: Russian our of loss of the confirmation had have then, we year.
way. this in 19 paragraph amendment to the alter to decided we Group, PPE-DE the Martens of with Mrs of discussions the course in President, Madam
speak. to time given be we can and here be to going we are say that actually can that we Parliament, so a nonsense of this within organisation, your within set-up a must be There
violence. without justifying hatred eradicate must We
incompetence. through epidemics cause not to diseases and contagious from animals our protect to supposed is which laboratory reference EU an is establishment This
proposals. and models of variety a us with here presented has Commission the that interesting find it also I
on them. burden proposing reduces the now are we what indeed, detailed reports; submit to have States Member now, the even for, of, afraid be to anyone for nothing are These
way. in to their wish stand not do I and direction right the in heading are proposals these reservations, these all of spite In
in committee. Sjöstedt report the for vote did not know, you as group, our President, Mr
into force. entering directive new the and regime transit the of expiry the between occur to allowed be should gap no that so important is why it is That
Brittan. Leon Sir Commissioner by meet, chaired will Relations Economic External on Committee the Tomorrow
expenditure? for unforeseen pay to intend Commission the How does
alternative. no is There
Germany. in impression also my that was - of measures sequence appropriate the took authorities German the that acknowledged you have that very pleased am I Commissioner,
open-ended commitment. vague relatively a than rather date, specific a there is that so 2000 year the of end the perhaps or 1999 of end the We suggest
civilisations. of clash a to leading course collision unavoidable an on set are cultures that view the misguided encouraged have respect mutual in together living in all feel we anxiety increasing the and difficulties international bluntly: current it the To put
We from one learn to willing be must we approach, although uniform a towards to strive have however, not, do another.
cooling. and heating on directive a for House’s demand this to again once point therefore would I
industries. gas and oil the in particularly significant, is Burma in investment European that noting worth It is
consolidated. be democracy must Firstly,
GMOs. contain which want foods not do categorically who for consumers those choice genuine assures This
Community. the enzymes in food of use and authorisation scientific evaluation, the rules for harmonised creating gap by current regulatory the bridge will regulation proposed this of successful conclusion The
priorities. strategic about debate is this President, Mr   
OSCE. the of Rights and Human Institutions Democratic of Office the and Assembly, General Nations United the of Third Committee the Rights, Human Commission on UN such the as fora, women international in of rights human promote the to efforts EU to contributing in active very been also has Commission The
of this. aware made are Parliament of Members all important that is It
dignity. human their to affront an that constituted children and women of treatment the unacceptable with along Cambodia rights human in of violations to debate recently moved was House The
guarantees. minimum of range us a with will provide which measures, these initial adopt to will this towards also tended Spanish Presidency the how of explanation good very a gave who Garrido, López Mr to listened just have you, Like I
mentioned. already been has Germany
Parliament. this accountability to Commission's the rightly recalls resolution draft The
We a development sustainable urban of the vision make – to jointly repeat I – work and other the from term separate one to need reality.
budget. draft the of 4 heading with satisfied far I from am speaking, generally President, Madam
credibility. any of policy entire our It divests
them. towards benevolent not too are we sometimes that and now doing they are than more do could they that believe we because universities attention to special pay to trying education, are we on point the regards As
too. part their play stress, notably our civilisation, of Certain features
adopted. have programme they ambitious the of achievement successful the confidence in increase will authorities Greek of the determination the Support for
Kroes. Mrs Liberal the not replaced have you because precisely Commission your against voting shall Liberal, be a I,
crisis. economic an of context the within offensive be to themselves applauded colleagues in which way the found I
level. European effectiveness greater at towards egos and national from away move to need We
Of and families children, protect to made been that have changes the are importance minorities. particular
clearly. all at issues such basic address not did she that of fact the critical be should we – Syria dependent on not thus and independent being to back go to right the and has Lebanon needs that very clear she was that fact appreciate the I – although speech Ferrero-Waldner’s Commissioner after even respect, however, that In
means. semester what the about public the worth informing really it is Šefčovič, because Vice-President thank to like would I semester, and European the about talked already have We
base. a legal sound establish to means and ways find namely to practices, criticised current which report Auditors' of Court the of wake in year the last to us made was which appeal urgent the understood We
Funds. Structural the to established administer been has bureaucracy complex and enormous An
behalf. on their efforts serious making is Europe that agree broadly Europe of citizens the which issues on few are there gentlemen, and President, ladies (DE) Mr - Group. PPE-DE of behalf the on
more. themselves damage actually can so and taste get the to deeply inhale more people that is The truth
the In draw to where knowing practice, is in so, difficult; very is evidence gathering practice, line.
My bathing a as it define must authorities the which to according and go there, bathers many how to according site bathing a defines proposal that a absurd have it to thought here Lund, Torben site. friend,
again. that yet emphasise to like should I
signed. be waiting to currently is Syria and EU the agreement between association end, an this To
and procedures. negotiation consultation information, efficient supportive and framework of the within role full its play to helped be to has It
collective guarantees. and individual both for is concern My
interpretation. mistaken a is childcare just to solidarity of inter-generational the concept Restricting
view. that to share now come has Council European that the see to gratified am I
fragmented. highly remains which services sector, the in was European Council the at challenge identified key A
areas. several in good and ambitious is policy environmental Union's the European Mr President,
unknown. largely are territories in these issues obviously that and States Member EU six concern only territory overseas Europe's up making territories (OCTs) and countries and overseas outermost the regions that aware well I am
Europe. of partner an important remains and is Turkey
EU funds. from units of these shutdown the for money needed of the fraction a only receiving be will Slovakia
have failed. diplomatic instruments all unless envisaged be which not should option military a of effectiveness the about uncertain very still are We
88: Amendment vote on the Before
include Turkey. to is then aid pre-accession for budget the and replenished, be to then is Romania and Bulgaria for aid Pre-accession
stations. radio private and on government both broadcast messages in particular, in civilians French and civilians, attack to urged were militias the where in arose Rwanda, same situation the exactly that recalls resonant one when particularly This is
House. this by welcomed warmly would be which conduct, of code the for statute legally binding a adopting by in August us delight to Council the representative of urge the to like therefore would I
tension. the of escalation an in result could that acts further out any carrying from refrain to conflict sides the in two the on calling am I resolution, approving this In
be enforced. will passed the that sentences ensure able to being not about frank totally been Government has Leone Sierra the and 2010, in end soon, an to comes mandate Court's The
noise. background negative of this any from all at to suffer were Bulgaria if quite wrong be would It
the laws. simplify and clarify to measures of number a proposes The Commission
report. the with agree do yet not we expected that be to only is it so Affairs, Social on Committee in the abstained We
absent. were members 33 its of since six votes, three of majority tiny by a this report for voted Equality Gender and Women's Rights on Committee President, the Madam
The be to I had that me told services parliamentary here.
Assembly. General in the and Security Council the in membership full must acquire Union European the Thirdly,
'Russia to used they what is away' far is Tsar the is and great, say.
mandatory. standards European relevant of implementation propose making can Commission the case, the not that If is
We mendacious pure, it is House: this in here report Stalinist a across such come rarely have propaganda!
States. United by the lodged Brazil against complaint a also and Government African South the and industry pharmaceutical against the Africa South place in taking trial a attention surrounding public of great deal a been indeed has there recent weeks, Over
way. socially just and balanced in a formed is world trade for basis the that ensure to way only is the This
resolution) the legislative adopted (Parliament
elementary. are would say I which responsibilities, their of human rights on international conventions various the of countries signatory the remind to and heard, is Nations United of the voice the that ensure to authority necessary the has she that believe I
place. be in must appropriate procedures and safe however, today, energy nuclear to committed be to continue Member States of the majority If
abstained. therefore ECR The
concerned. is activity economic of level or situation employment their as as far companies, individual or even industry, of sectors and branches specific only affect will initially something which doubt without is this view of point a From European
regions. and island mountainous vineyards in for needed are measures that special think I President, Mr Finally,
international It parties' both observing in burden-sharing better allow will responsibilities.
corruption. against fight the enhance to and system judiciary the improve to unions, trade and children women, rights of protect to relations, the of civil-military democratic supremacy ensure to needed also are efforts Further
Many of the quality the than rather it, to threats and the environment marine influencing the factors the on are based definitions these of ecosystem.
themselves. pensions the on is paid tax or pension, occupational the for received is what capital, on invested the on interest or the on contributions on the paid either is tax is, that on, and so system EET the is there that We know
As budgetary and monetary on based be must this concerned, is unemployment combating to essential which is approach the as macroeconomic far policies.
It categorises it even agreements; interinstitutional to refers specifically them.
achieved. be to sustainable development enable will which and intelligent, and humane is which project a development, economic vision of a forward-looking for waiting are We
proposal. Commission' s the to on to move like now would I
The of % of 0.46 figure its present at budget the in constant held funding to be is structural in addition use, while similar for Fund, mainly Guarantee and Guidance Agricultural the to them from transferred be to are marks billion 2 some because yesterday, was published assessment 2000 Agenda the when we saw as future, in further increase will Funds Structural the by for the accounted budget of proportion GDP.
that. on build Union, can European our and – south north and – our governments Surely
information campaign. an should support Parliament, the including institutions, European All
Čyrejka Aleś
properly. regulations Schengen the by provided framework the not apply do they or in time, nationals third-country for permit residence a to issue unwilling or unable are States Member another, some or reason one for when, to situations solution provide a to is This
the method. against unanimously almost out come has Health Animal and Chain Food the on Committee Standing the Besides,
to. is adhered law sure the make to us of all on incumbent is then it clear, is position legislative the once struck and is that balance once But
five years. evaluation after an been has there that good is It
countries. participating the decision about their Treaty in Maastricht the violation of in be to were Government and of State of the Heads if union monetary the in participation Germany's decision about negative a only make could Court Federal Constitutional German The
dog. European the wagging is tail American the even or British The
children. several with families or mothers single and disabled persons sick, experience, the working without people or elderly young as the groups such at-risk for however, story, different a is It
2006) - (2001 Public health
My introduction of the to opposed course, of is, - hear next we will I who - believe Policy Consumer and Health Public Environment, on the Committee for the the rapporteur of example, for opinion, specifically, the moment, this at and, Commission the by proposed basis legal the weaken even may amendments certain claim, Members some as since, divided, much very is House this moment, the that, is at amendments. impression
well. exceptionally has worked coordination This
legislation. of provisions the to complement a States, as Member the in self-regulation to subject to be continue will areas Other
2006. July 17 of Decision 2006/512/EC amended by as Commission, the on implementing conferred powers of exercise the for procedures the down laying Decision Council the implementing for procedures on Commission the and Parliament European the between agreement interinstitutional an conclusion of on the Frassoni Monica colleague Italian my by the favour report of in voted I - (FR) writing. in
Parliament. our of prestige the increasing thereby Union, European the of the service duties her in fulfilled has which she with elegance exceptional the and efficiency impartiality, dignity, her for her thank and today acknowledge to delighted am, I therefore,
across. his position put to easy it always find not did stance, left-wing an explicitly having rapporteur and, as task difficult a had who Herzog, Mr thanks to most warm the with start to like would I Mr President, –    .
perfect. not is registration the of subject on reached compromise eleventh-hour The
work. Convention’s the over mark no question is There
encouraged. and preserved welcomed, be should something that this is societies, and modern in revolution democratic a responsible for has been technology, particular new in innovation, that recognise we Lastly,
of foodstuffs. preserving method possible a as accepted is irradiation position common the In
citizens. our of on expectations the deliver today here given statements the that believe not do I President, Mr sadly,   
Africa. sub-Saharan in particularly 1, objective MDG undermine to threatening is food security of lack The
taken up. be will that hope We
2002. 2005, not is support should we period The
well. and correctly properly, transposed be directive the that our interest is in It
skin. of their colour the of because down automatically turned are they interview, job to go a the when Roma that fact the of result a is it often most but education, segregated level, low of consequence a is many cases unemployment in that true is It
are cosmetic. Mr Barroso by proposed changes The
underfunded. hopelessly is Socrates that here expressed been already has criticism which repeat the I would Finally,
them. are representing ultimately we because Union, European the of citizens the to only answer to have we and answers provide to have We
languages. all in vote are to going are we on which texts the but usual, as languages, three in available This is list
Obviously rapid. it will hope we and peace, and of stabilisation process a in interest direct a has us, of all like Union, European be the
speaker) the off cut (The President
it. achieving means of same the favour all not do we but water, drinking clean need for on the agree We all
policy. coherent a achieve will we and method coordination open the to this Link
crisis. the to the response in coordination real have to need the awareness of more much now is there think I crisis, this After
Act. Business the Small in enshrined the principles of application practical first also the was This
other. the against each side for figures to balance not possible is and it many, too one casualty is each and war - each proportionality no is there situation war a In
So subsidiarity the in refuge takes immediately Commission safety, the of public issue the raises anyone when so that, much principle.
all times. at applies principle subsidiarity the all, After
has skyrocketed. India, and China particular and in States, the United of while that 10 years, past the over has dwindled trade world of share EU’s The
system. welfare improved social an result, a as and, life of quality better a generate will that enterprises is it After all, development. business to conducive that is climate a providing and competitiveness strengthening for structures right the place in has Union the that by ensuring the other direction, from problem the approach should We
therapy. movement treated using also are children dysgraphic and dyslexic that no is accident It
Agreement. Cotonou the of and criteria objectives the with accordance in EDF funds to and use efficiently more aid external Community's the mange to efforts Commission's the supports Council The
EU. enlarged in an more difficult the much so become will now, matters solved problems get the not do we If
Will those of support in aid integrated for allow will Funds Structural the to whether changes the confirm therefore the Commissioner regions.
means. other using accepted not is what enforce means to military use to prepared are we that daily basis a on demonstrate to need policy, we foreign our in reliable convincing and be to want if we that, said He perfectly. report the of captures tone the plenary to presentation his during statement Brok's Mr
I capacity as as well treatment, differential and special a of effect the also include would building.
area. this in regulations own their up draw country may that every obvious equally be ought to It
Commission. the from transparency expect we Kroes that to Commissioner saying by to finish like would I
minorities. and indigenous peoples of rights the for clause a child, or the of rights the for clause a example, for to say is that co-operation agreements; and trade in subsequent clauses individual issues as rights human other various include to need the also imply would rights women’s on clause separate a that noting worth also is It
take. to path perilous a economy: the in intervention state and protectionism alongside being made are aid state to recover Efforts
response. Yugoslav the on clearly, quite will depend, Everything
2011. in Africa South in be held to summit change climate the until unresolved remain thus will asset, national be a considered to and Hungary to importance key of which is surplus, quota Kyoto of the 2013 usability after the of question The
Europe. to interest vital of are Africa with regions and Mediterranean the with relations Our
example. to by lead and home at here to deliver needs EU the that forget not us let Also,
reality. the is That
rail loop. Stockholm-Östersund-Trondheim-Oslo-Stockholm a will establish Loop, Express Scandinavian the named provisionally project, The
consumption. for personal possession to attitudes do vary, as and trafficking dealing possession, for Penalties
dialogue. constructive but very critical a was It
What cacao the concerned and countries African the West to relation in take to intend Council does the action industry?
labour. of division social discriminatory sexist, the of victims still the are group, social a as who, women for particularly essential are qualifications training and More
aid. the up successfully speed to and areas target to them enable to ground the on partners the coordination between effective needed is is what present, At
Community. the common with approach a in jointly agreed purposes the for policy fisheries its of support in part, in or in whole agreement, the revenue under its spend to sovereign and for responsible is country third The
separated. are they Nevertheless,
resolutions. of series a in that demonstrated have and centre monitoring a of such principle the support of in clearly are completely we European Parliament, the In
pocket. own of their caused out damage the of part for compensate making them by necessary if punished are consistently, developments erroneous and mismanagement for responsible people the that must ensure you Secondly,
against counterfeiting. protect to measures technical for is responsible it all, After
police. to the applies same The
Procedure. of Rules the of 145 Rule refer I to President, Madam (DE)
It strategic accepted this have to seem not does Council the that be said must challenge.
violence. of escalations renewed to led has islands Moluccan the on religion Islam enforce the to aim who fighters Jihad thousand few of a recent arrival the period, quiet a relatively After
The animal on legislation EU of strengthening means an are appropriate and direction right the in step a are strategy, the future of funding the in players all the of the role on light shed to and responsibility of sense greater a farmers give to of vaccination, emergency use the promote to particularly report, the in measures proposed remaining health.
severe. are communities on effects reduction, of level moderate a with Even
further. model social European the developing basis for a as conventions ILO the can use we and values some share common We
Parties. the of Conference Poznan the for preparation in taken place, already have them of two and year, this for scheduled been sessions have negotiating four begun; already has Work
see. to all want that we Europe sustainable the direction of the in us thereby moving health, protecting human and environment the preserving to view with a possible, as soon as measures these implement will States the that hope I and this report favour of in vote to Members the on calling by end to like I would
States. United the quarrelling with are We
149(8)). Rule under Cohn-Bendit Mr to card question (Blue
reasonable job. a quite done actually have House the we in think that all, I at themselves heard made not have non-bikers the of representatives the that Given
Agreements. Economic Partnership about colleague Ashton Mrs with your debate long a had we debate this before just because Commissioner, my doubts, have level. I However, at parliamentary relationship special this develop to will a is there that hear to delighted am I
Guinean vessels. as by-catch fish much as times four over keep to allowed are vessels cephalopod EU instance, For
measures. new proposing as well packages, as legislative II Erika I and Erika the of the application speed up to and advance in apply to need the of States Member reminds the which text a accident, Prestige the following safety, maritime increasing on Communication Commission a adopted the December 13 on know, - Gutiérrez-Cortines Mrs and Members - honourable the As
sector. business the in ICT of efficient and application wide-ranging the facilitate to ability proposal's the on large extent a depends to the crisis economic from emergence our that believe I
result. a strong to led has which cooperation, good of spirit by characterised a was Fisheries on Committee the within held The consultation
doing. should be it Commission what the to clearly very out spelling in done he has work good the on Mr Hutchinson congratulate again me let so self-analysis, its into further looking for justification enough us gives and certainly provision, aid of its the effectiveness review to Commission the reason for enough a good should be That
broader agenda? a set it will or European Union the in rights social established out set Will it
Union. the European of structures the of membership negotiated Poland's we years four For
Human Rights. and Democracy for European Initiative the for legal bases the two of is one 2006, in financial perspective present the of end the years, until two by extend to asked being are you which regulation The
level. to secondary up Muslims, of the emancipation promoting for excellent an system often is Islam of foundation a on education based Dutch that acknowledged has it, in Christian Democrats no has which Government, Dutch Even the
democratic information serious a in resulted turn in has Union the European of deficit The deficit.
quantity. precedence over must take quality said, Sippel Mrs As
months. coming the over discuss to have shall we that aspects companies are for predictability hence decisions and logical Transparency,
long way. a come have issues that urban therefore, see, can We
region. the of security and stability the enhance help also will which Palestine, of people for and the Israel of people the of stability for the solution a find parties both and end finally conflict see this to desire the House this share in of us all believe I
report. accurate an not was it that Immunities and Credentials of Verification the Procedure, of the Rules on Committee the in Pen Mr claimed said, Le Donnelly Mr As
body”’. or institution other any government or any Commission, the from instructions take nor seek may “neither it independence” and complete ... in investigation of powers exercise the “shall Office his it, puts decision OLAF establishing Commission’s the As
Amendment this in crucial is 43 respect.
We of conditions strict they satisfy if only although permitted, be should donations propose that consequently and compromise the 2001 with line in donations issue of the on controversial proposal balanced a made have transparency.
Equal The and Rights Women's Committee on the of amendments the some of to refers - hands my in my life taking - aspect first Opportunities.
proposal. such a on opinion an to give unable been has management committee the in of delegations a majority when only act to requested is Council The
income. of considerable source a and was forefathers our for provided the sea years For
contradictory. say to not places, in obscure rather were them of some since wording, improved their even working and party the by up drawn guidelines the respected has it that say can I safely think I
Rights. Fundamental for Agency Union wider European a into dissolved been now has Parliament, the European I represented where Xenophobia, and Racism on Committee Consultative Ministers' of Council the of recommendations the up following set Xenophobia, and Racism on Centre Monitoring European former the that disappointment opposition and despite my report, this I support - writing. in
shaped. be can collective which efforts point around a provide and ambition European shared our exemplify They
that. reason for a is and there while, long a for burner back on the been has This
expect. would you as spectacles, legal through this issue looks Affairs at Legal on Committee The
parties. third the opinions of transcribing simply to itself confine never should and rights safeguarding human for its powers assume responsibly must Parliament European the that believe President, I Mr
of it. favour in colleagues voted many individuals, as However,
important. States is Member with cooperation good so broad is quite agency the up for drawn operations of The field
about this. informed us keeping be will Council the assuming that am I
made. not been has progress sufficient Parliament, the European by taken of initiatives - in passing say must I - result the common position, in the made been has progress that recognising While
pressure. necessary, economic if and, diplomatic, through but outside intervention from through military be done not must this past, the in Unlike
these developments. alarmed by and worried extremely are the farmers, not only and States, Member new the in farmers The
as before. supplies of quantity same the up with stock to a position in longer no are and economic situations worrying particularly experiencing markets are Both
gladly. them work with therefore shall We
lie. not does that voice of tone a is there true but not was Perhaps this this up. not made have I
I at concerns Member's the share not do all.
police. Philadelphia of the ranks in the prevailing corruption the denounce to courage the having by practised journalist which this of thought freedom the to racism, institutional fight against his to black, is he that fact the to are linked of justice travesty a row following death on spent rotting has just Abu-Jamal Mumia that years seventeen the doubt that no is absolutely There
(CS) the world on possible as player a strong as is Europe that so effort make an to ... inaudible) was speech of beginning the (The market.
circumstances. what under if so, and, stage later a contract at the for bid to intending from firms advice technical to seek technical cases, complex in be allowed, should entities whether of question the and dialogue technical the are outstanding still contention bones of main The
development. rural of future the and food safety in implementation appropriations of low agriculture, the in the reserve about doubts our stress to like would I concerns these Amongst
transposed. are texts how analyse to and impact its assess to legislation, to simplify needed question are measures that no is There
vote? should they how on European Parliament the of Members to instruct sought Parliament Russian the of members the if say you would What
meeting. the attending from Zimbabwe of representatives blacklisted the to prevent managed again once we Hague, The In
years 20 ago. almost fell Wall Berlin the President, Mr (SV) -
present. at happens often unfortunately as States, various Member between the objects mere like shunted be not They must
decision. justify merely its to effect, into it put to not obliged is Commission the signatures, enough receives initiative an If
The the part of a are - mechanism development clean the implementation and joint trading, emissions - Kyoto mechanisms Protocol.
clearly defined. not also is Eurojust of role The
imprisonment. and extradition face then and happened, has that this aware being even state without EU another in sentenced and tried be now can we absentia, in trials on rules new the Under
Denver. and Amsterdam both in confirmed was adjustments structural for need the climate, economic a favourable as well As
beneficial. most been had investment of flow the remarked, Bangemann Commissioner as Furthermore, markets. foreign to access with good when successful coupled proved had world the outside to up open to the attempt date, To
links. cultural and political also historical, ones, but economic just not links, Europeans significant have we which region with a Mercosur, with negotiations of process current the very closely following been has Parliament European know, the you Commissioner, as .   
circumstances. financial on based is and selection that chaotic, management is that find candidates often, Too
men In than more children after looking to time more devote women that the way be would this of an example and fit, they see as ways various in it use of make and freedom enjoy women men and all States Members EU the do.
done. be to much still is that there acknowledge course, I Of
This and innovation approach, fresh a is we need what whereas limitation, damage attitude, defensive to a to amounts quality.
bush. the in two worth is hand the in bird goes, a saying the As
country. Milinkevich's home Mr including nations, interested the to openness maximum to show we need Therefore,
recover. not will country the and destroy growth will that because Greece, in bear can society that measures the go beyond should not we that says when Finance, he for Minister the Belgian Reynders, Mr to listen to need We
security. affects international change how climate on document joint a present to Commission the European and Solana, Javier Representative High the Secretary-General, its invited Council European 2007 the June in all know, you As (SL) - President-in-Office.
danger. in region entire populations an of the place which arsenals military destructive have that as Iraq such countries with made be to have they when particularly place, take longer no should that effect, to guarantee any offer not do which countries states and individual between agreements bilateral the that ensure should We of Parliament. the eye in a rights, flower human for respect consider to need we Secondly,
approach. our supported Ministers the Ecofin of representatives the personal of majority large A
The 12 at tomorrow place take will vote noon.
(Laughter)
projects. of the number in moderation showed Parliament this if be wise would that reason it for and implemented, swiftly be will it that hope I
new. provided anything not has Commission The
charge? that answer then shall we How
There compulsory than rather voluntary retirement and retirement gradual be ideally should retirement.
volcano. simmering a is also potential but enormous has region, which that from offices European of budgetary reasons, for absence, the note we should mentioned, have weakness I the with Along
symbol. 'GS' the German as such marks safety national and tested tried the of preservation the been has successes main One our of
the decision. against appeal of right a have and of origin, country their to return to time any at UK the to leave free are Detainees
matter. this solve not will alone better passports and stop, to have we that wave tidal a is This
about. be Europe should of future the that the things are These
Sweden. in deregulated been has postal business The
to regret. something really that is and kilometres, move to delegations the of most getting in succeeded Commission had the and Presidency the agreement, when from millimetres few a were We
presidents. and ministers prime of the at level be addressed will unemployment and employment of issue that the means This
system. closed list - a definition the find to waiting still are we - and it understand as I is, which Kingdom United the on representation proportional of a system impose to is about government when his people closer the to Parliament European the bringing about talk he should that extraordinary is It
services. and goods both in us with trade be greater to is there necessary if are markets, which functioning own their develop position a to put in be to are States ACP the part, on their cooperation regional of By means
morning. this presented have I for which programme work the 1997, in collaboration precondition for essential is the This
reality. reflect better effective and more to be needs people therefore unscrupulous these against fight The
sufficient. therefore and is this for provides already the Treaty of 230(4) Article
citizens. I all before opinions political my express to have I and all Europeans, of President am I that you to to say want the
citizens. for Europe's justice and security freedom, of an area create to our duty makes it treaty Union the President, Madam
Members) various floor from the from (Interjections
prize! human rights the ones receiving the be indeed will you up and it Keep
citizens. Israeli at bombs throw to children send Palestinian should Hamas that is it barbarous obviously, as, just stoop, can occupation army military of which an to barbarity the of symbol the is dead, shot and was on schoolbag his with school to going was old, who years 13 Ayman,
the differences. reconcile to differed, their opinions if even very best, their did Social Affairs, and Employment Committee on the all, above and, Equality and Gender Rights Women's on Committee the Energy, and Research Industry, on Committee the members of the all Peneda, and Silva Democrats, Mr European and Democrats) Party (Christian People's European the of Group the of rapporteur shadow and the congratulations, deserves who Mr Cercas, rapporteur, the However,
extreme politicisation. in resulted have activities Council's Rights Human the situation where alarming an address to also priority is parliamentary one Mr President,
   to substances other certain of minerals and and of vitamins addition the provisions on different national the harmonise to is regulation proposed the of the intention President, Madam – . foods.
Schools early the at particularly euro, of the introduction the regarding pilot projects in involved closely be should stage.
us. helpful so to were who there office delegation the of members the thanking by like finish to should I
Commission. stronger a but weaker not a want We
the EU. policies of militaristic and federalist neoliberal, the financing towards priorities its moved budget progressively has EU the hand, other the On
it. remedy best one might how concerned the Member discuss with to arise, should case problem - say us let - a if prepared, also am I
much. very you all of thank I
March. Foreign of Council Affairs General the with conjunction in Representative Solana High and President-in-Office s EU' the with discussions to was invited Kerim Minister 19
that. deplore I
moment. at this mind in that bear especially need to do We
feasible. politically and technically it is as soon as Mercosur Agreement with the concluding to committed firmly remains Commission The
discuss. then shall we which the Treaty, altering for concrete proposal a with up come Commission can the that Barnier, Commissioner I hope,
borders. sea land and direct its sharing countries the adopt with should European Union enlarged the that policies neighbourhood of series new describes the which neighbours’, southern and eastern with our relations for new framework Neighbourhood: a Europe – ‘Wider Parliament entitled European the Council and the to communication the adopted Commission the 11 March, On
unions. and management between conventions in and of legislation bodies national in Human of Rights, Declaration Universal the in either are enshrined rights These
Union. European the to unacceptable to say not tone, in disagreeable deeply war is banana this in Organization Trade World the from diktat latest this ones, Commissioner, earlier the like President, Mr Mr
years. few next the during strategy the for pillar environmental the as Action Programme Environmental Sixth the with which happen will something areas, all into considerations environmental integrating for compulsory system a cooperation European incorporated see into to need We
society. into integration their facilitating Roma the in and of position vulnerable the to attention drawing in Member States, its via role, a has also EU the Therefore,
During this for constant support shown Parliament has year each budget the on vote the issue.
The this condemned already have - Obama President by made statements the voice to adding their - States the Member of large majority a and Gucht, De through Commissioner Commission, initiative.
bigger. only get will the divide otherwise, this; to solution a with up to come need We
Similarly, financial spouse's each of irrespective provided, be information must to access situation.
the world. of the rest to example an and set protection offer that standards environmental and high social down lay also should it capital, and services goods, people, of movement free with single market a wants Europe If
manner. responsible ethical and an in tools available the all of use make to our is duty It
clause. social the from benefit trade, of global not giants exactly are Moldova, and which Lanka Sri countries, beneficiary two only as success, little had have clauses, environmental and social the of application the relating to matters all particular in and regimes, the current incentive contrast, In
Syria. Lebanon and both with way under are Negotiations
I medium-sized and small serve will really they that so of them, all of operation improve the to greater efforts by followed be will examples good are which individual shops one-stop to attention drawing hope that enterprises.
China? from comes everything that true it not Is
sobering. is result The
From to important are equally neighbours southern and eastern both common home, our of welfare and the security of view of point the us.
are necessary. actions non-ODA that know all we because legal basis, proper a on decide to time to take and committee back my to this to refer prefer would I basis, legal then right the on agreement reach to tomorrow impossible is it If
reporting. ensuring by country-by-country industries, extractive the notably countries, developing in compliance tax their on multinational by companies transparency greater ensure to need the also underlined have MEPs
lines. same along the much very thinking we that are said have I what from apparent be will It
If nuclear safety. talking stop must we power, nuclear out phase not do we if but overnight, out phased be not will ... it out speak not do we Europeans about
So candidate the of integration the facilitate will euro the believe that wall, I new a erecting than countries. rather
beforehand. questions of lot a rise to gave it why That is
requirements. EU adjust to to country only and first the not is State, and Member EU an in keeps troops that a country This is
Italy. in tried were attacks terrorist of guilty those all not that also know I However,
itself. in factor crisis is a it Today,
interest. European the interests than national preserve to inclined more be will certainly act and to means lack will the Commission this powers, weakened and portfolios ill-defined With
life. political local of part and intrinsic valid a indeed, are choices, Such
Poland. date is target have a set to not one only the before, said I As
controls. border national of return the need do not this we For
employment. growth and considering to myself limit shall I but proposal, this of principles guiding the are what on length at would dwell I
Ladies its completed has Parliament gentlemen, and agenda.
fraud. against fight the in headway some have made already We
Union. European the with dialogue constructive a have to willingness a and brutality police to stop a for rights, respect human minorities, for respect way, a fundamental in all, first require, of shall We
That Member various the in in rules force the of harmonization achieve to detailed attempt any making without bids, takeover to applicable principles general establishing directive framework a of the form takes approach States.
waters. EU in oil drillings on test' a 'stress decision regarding Commission's the welcome I Furthermore,
frontier. on the refugees living the for funds the cut cannot now we that - said been has also this and - remember to important also It is
proposal. this in however, belong not, do that areas important being ores', these and 'minerals and and pulp' 'paper removed have now and we legislation, with other overlapping of and instances ambiguities of number incredible an were There
We many have not do months.
Parliament. European the to conference the to on report came he when morning here this and disappointed disillusioned greatly have been he obviously would then conference, Turin the to success the to monument a see required to Ministers of the Council of President the If
it. into of effort deal great a evidently put has Lannoye Mr and clarity, achieve greater should report This
informed. properly Parliament keep must Council the Commission and both European the too, matters these On rights generally. human of improving the and region the migrants in Kurdish of acceptance the as issues on such continue must Turkey with dialogue the that believes ELDR The Group
challenges. major three address must Guidelines Employment these Strategy, 2020 the Europe of part as President, Madam (FR)
intervene. to friends Israel’s appealing to is now Burg Mr
must certain have will policy our that accept and lines these along work we Therefore, effects.
debate. this in touched on been have topics many Gentlemen, and Ladies (PL) - writing. in
in reflect real that criteria clear on based and objective transparent, are security charges airport that ensure must We - costs. writing.
penalty. death the on moratorium the on the influenced debate certainly It
moment. this as at much resignation as my regretted never have I that you to assure like would I and myself colleagues outgoing my of on behalf President, Mr
morale. of loss the all, above and, loss financial the for up make totally will compensation realise no that also must We
freedom. their regained have which the Baltic Europe and eastern states of the and Russia between foster reconciliation to nothing Russia does by attitude an Such
market. the internal of benefits the full enjoy to consumers those enables it extent, a significant to and also, but protection, of consumer level high a through value added offers only not policy European After all,
institutions. European between the power balance the of shift to order in hostage a as Agreement Interim the and use Turkmenistan not should we that fact the about clear also am I
officials. Union European some senior of business personal the into turning is rights area human the in funding project days These
In on both same the be to euro the better for be not it would words, other sides?
homework. their done not have States because Member here been lost has of time deal great a and States, Member the with lies responsibility chief the process, but the contribute to both They can
itself. sector the in producer organisations reinforced by not backed is supermarkets form of in the side demand the on concentration extensive The
said. has President what the reflect approved Minutes The
on. going Europe objectives 2020 the on debate the context with current the in level European at policy transport by played role important the to reaffirm opportunity crucial absolutely an offers that this think I
Indeed, young for incentives provide will force into entered just has which law announced a that has Mr Maroni couples.
instructive. very is expensive, but too is gaining we are experience The
enough. strict be cannot think we beings, I of human manipulating beings, human to this of applying question a is it When . 'but' big the comes now But
initiative. constructive a be purpose, would this no serve would this in case which inquiry, of committee a to contrast In
2002. January forward from coming would involve that advance four-month the for settle would they that Development say Rural and Agriculture Committee on the of representative the glad hear to was I
development. rural sustainable for essential are services, health and social high-quality and developing entrepreneurship women's to encourage incentives providing labour market, the to access equal promoting levels, all at infrastructures training and education creating example, by, for areas, in rural conditions women of living the to improve proposals the why is This
evaluation. and execution eligibility, of its conditions with along clearly, very defined is it if aid our of effectiveness the an improve to opportunity be only project will contracts the MDG summary, In
change. climate natural and man-made between distinguish we must effective, be to going are our policies However, if
emphasize. to point important very is a Dane, a as me, for which something arena socio-political is the steps in careful taking because advice, this have heeded I
put place. in can be 2009 in elections Parliament European the for timetable the that so conclusion a reach Treaty Constitutional on negotiations the the that ensuring for responsibility take just must States Member the and Union the We in
proliferation. missile towards attitude its also in but activities its nuclear in just not I add, should and, region; the within just security, not and peace to threat a poses North Korea all that them told I
It the territories. from forces withdraw until its Israel agreement with association the suspension of a advocating Parliament European the of opinion the back to last at decide to Council the for chance final the is occupied
world. the throughout that exist the shortcomings from us protects still system This
more. even have highlighted light to come have scandals that the exists, security as market of problem the because important, really is the directive that believe I
concept. total a into steps individual combine these to now is matters What
nuclear This abandon to is it urgent how of us to reminder a are manage to claims that ecological it disasters the and report energy.
directorates too. various European Commission's the between cooperation close requires which level, EU at them for needed is solution comprehensive A
future. distant very the about talking not We are
them. to appropriate include be would it thought we and resolution, joint in the covered aspects not address amendments These
Bank's activities. scrutinises the that institution independent no apparently is There
development. own its shape and own to the right has the world, of the rest in EU and the in both state, Every
With European the in a success complete proved has policy that gender, of basis the on discrimination indirect direct or against fight to the regard Union.
need. they will that funding the networks with these trans-European providing go about how to to consideration giving be certainly should it that believe I do adopted, but been even yet not has that budget a divide up to intends it how today tell us cannot Commission the that understandable is It
Union. the European of Functioning the on the Treaty of 136 Article new the recourse to through area euro the in correction and prevention crisis for framework comprehensive a of development the frame to order proposals in new outline will communication forthcoming A
clearer. things make really does that think I
This by caused deaths deaths and road for also goes it areas other in and tobacco, by deaths caused for goes alcohol.
I as deep as still are Fischler - too, Mr brow, your on here, from see can as I as far - and brows Members' fellow my on worry lines the that admit to forced am However, ever.
standards. with unfamiliar these economies Asian from especially pressure, global coming under are that of sectors a number in competitiveness lower and costs production higher are coin, however, that of side other the On
They European the to opposed that parties are political of financing outlaw would this that wrongly, claiming, are Union.
billion. 0.6 EUR only was EU the in investment China's while inward billion, 7.16 was EUR China in investment inward EU In 2007,
-3%. than more Pact of Stability and Growth a correspond to will year next one percent Minus
whatsoever. criticism any entertain not would this, into them pushed which US, the but bilateral agreements, conclude agreed to have to the for it Romanians was wrong that us told have Poettering Mr as such speakers some here, even law, and, the evade to continue will countries powerful The
Mr the to Lisbon keep to need the and Strategy Lisbon the of importance the about point clear very a made also Collins Watson Mr and fore.
Commission. the Member and States the Service, Action External European created recently the between coordination greater for also but calls security, and policy foreign matters of in of Lisbon Treaty the of innovations embraces the only not which report, this of wisdom the on based is favour vote in My
effect. into carried market is internal the that ensure Parliament to in here task is our It
overcome. be therefore deficiencies must These
Council between even not - perspectives financial to the amendment any not adopt will it that signalled however, has, The categories.
the situation. monitor further European to Parliament the allow will and April 2006 in available be will SOLVIT of development and functioning the on report second annual A
Structural Funds. the on reforming proposals Commission's the context of the in reviewed being currently rules are these Accession, of Act the Swedish of 6 No Protocol of recital second in provided the also is As
weight. in kg 10 to of up items to relating services postal standard include as to so rate reduced a for qualify may that services postal scope of proposed the to widening agree could Commission 10, the and 9 Nos 6, to Amendments regard with and services, postal standard increases on consumers price from protect to need the stressed which has Parliament, with compromise possible a of view In
disadvantages. definite some has Council, the forward by put as powers, diminished with panel guidance with a system rota automatic an of proposal compromise the that We feel
the bed! making at good so not but he's shops, he cooks, He
Russia. Northwest in projects nuclear and environmental fund for support its partnership, with environmental Dimension the Northern launching to contributed actively Commission has The
(Laughter)
others. than States Member some for heavier would be it because least not bear, to States Member the individual can leave we that burden a not is This
Before been recommendation have the included in principles the which extent to the study analysing a out carry will Commission the 1998, of end the applied.
approval. our obtain Parliament to to returning agreements the of importance the emphasise to need we regard, this In
fleeing. are they which from situation for understanding the less far is and there Europeans, western different to look afield, further from hail mostly days, refugees These
area? particular this in delegations parliamentary the of the role at look to you ask I Might
committee. to back referral calling for now are So, we
one. second a put to me obliges question i Naval's Colom Mr answer to given The
House. this of purpose the democratic to have dignity brought you so doing in and terrorism against fight the conviction to special very brought a have You
rate. at any cars new for the manufacturer, door of the at recycling disassembly and of cost the laying of favour in is made choice a in which 45, No Amendment to attention your draw would especially I
answer. an therefore expect I
That years five repeat I ago, years was five ago.
Mr these of aspect at another look to like would I and gentlemen, ladies President, agreements.
worship. of and places homes of burning the rape, and assaults, murders, of cruel accounts includes news The
Netherlands recently. the in happening been what has on update you briefly to like should I
EMU. the of final phase the about bring securely and safely to presidency the of and government of new the determination the is it that recognise House this in people of majority that vast the think I phase first the in currency single the joining not Britain has on taken UK Government decision the that the of In spite
States. the United again once in raised been have cerivastatin molecule the posed by the problems when time very the at affair' 'Bayer tragic the from lessons learn aims to It
compromise. particular this with be satisfied to reason have all we I said, as but, a compromise nature, always its very by is, agreement Such
Commissioner, overly are not you that however, idea, the get do I the euro. of aspects practical the recommendations on your hear to useful always it is concerned.
other. the on in employment, remain workers and business in stay companies helping by and hand, one the on manufacturers, for trade to barriers removing by specifically the sector, help should which needed boost much context a is this in 89/106/EEC Directive Products Construction of review The
team. your and from you ambitious initiatives expect therefore We
for years. advocating been has National Front the wage that the parental namely, constraint, the financial of rid getting by birth rates in rise a promote and choice of freedom both give to able be really would which measure the only forgot conclusion and its to logic follow her didn't Záborská Mrs that is sad it However,
proposal. is a this that is earlier, reminded Dalen us van Mr as us and reminded just has Landsbergis as Mr debate, this in missed been has point that A
opinion. no expressed only 3% and Union European the and Turkey between against cooperation generally are 22% partnership, privileged a we call that cooperation of form special that support Germans of , 60% Union European of the membership full gaining of Turkey in favour are Germans of 15% Only
We not is market internal the ensure that to Committee the ask would disrupted.
guidelines. specific the to take relates can the Commission which action The
pillar. second to the first the from to pass them allowing modulation of system development, the rural by strengthening multifunctionality of aspects positive the keep farmers to European allows today proposed grooming The thorough
It this promoting for framework appropriate an to be Rights Human Commission on the considers objective.
innovation act. forward this bring to wants it when decide to free be Commission will new the that way a in such work this direct endeavoured to have I
early. leaving school to linked closely very this is course and of in lives poverty, child fifth every mentioned, have fellow Members my as since, staggering, is poverty child of extent The
animals? British export of the from than other States, Member other in BSE is no there confirm categorically you Can
Mrs question. Jensen's to reply to happy am (FR) I - Commission. the of Vice-President
been said. has what of some about make like to should I points which few a are There
products. and better better to have access consequently who benefit consumers, to of also ultimately is innovation And marketed. and promoted be successfully it can way this in Only
States. Member the between cooperation effective prevented through be should activity criminal and crime how discusses kind which the of a report This is
ahead. lie challenges Huge
work. interesting but complicated, in supported this me have who and me for groundwork the did who thank those to wish especially I
is. as through put be it should believe I
with. be dealt opposition should the how to regard with expectations our reiterated firmly I each occasion, On
this. of an illustration is liberalisation before Swedish example The
estimates. on based heavily too is that base data archaic the of criticism increasing the joined fishermen have Polish
mines. self-destructing and controlled Convention: the to alternative new a are developing Russia and United States the known, well is As
2007. of half second the of the beginning at force into enter to REACH for the way paves vote Today's
tests. necessary the undergo must equipment also radio the that annexes the from clear is quite It
this. of doing be afraid not must Rehn, Mr Commission, The
help. to designed they are people very the can hurt sanctions such circumstances in some that conscious are We
treatment. poor receives extremely know we all opposition, which the of right the respect to country for this call We
work. of be out likewise will countries, EU other in and Poland in both shipyards, with the work that factories at employees thousands of of tens and jobs, their lose will the Baltic on employees of thousands that be will of this The effect
outcome. positive a can achieve we whether in advance clarify to desire presidency’s the Irish I support and round, time this succeed that we vital is It
participate. country host the and migrants which in dual process, a is integration courses; language to support more give to important especially it migrants is integrate, make to strive we As
resolution) the adopted (Parliament
is amended. directive VAT the if reduced be perhaps the may environment on this with associated burden extra The
States. new Member the of view of point the realistic from also more are which but ambitious, not only are which goals to consideration should give equipment electronic and electrical waste on directive the of Revision
efforts. our with therefore continue must We
institutions. financial international main the forecasts the from of diverge their ratings why methodologies their and to explain sector the asking also while ratings, sovereign their determine they how on light further shed to agencies rating the call on I
partners. social the with dialogue constructive in a and implementation, for the responsibility share who Member the States, with done be must This
reform. Commission general more the context of the within set be to has now this and positively, responded Commission has the whole, the On
stability. of Malthusian dogma the growth to sacrifice to deliberately continues which and sacrificed has which sacrifices, that policy a of instigators the of one knows, person French as every is, Trichet Jean-Claude
welcome. very is - important is vitally latter the and - consideration into law of rule of principles the hand, taking other on attack, the line of structural A
minds. in people’s still fresh was occupation Nazi under experienced had Poland that suffering the when the after war, 20 years sentence this write to moral courage real took It
feet. two own their stand on to needs Fisheries
document. this in named bodies other the of or their chairmen of requests either to make for rapporteurs easier it make will that House the in rules the delineating of question the up take to Affairs on Constitutional Committee our instruct immediately must you today, it vote if for we that, say would Commission, I but the can with we as far as document the brought have We
These Union]'. [of priorities and directions political general the '[defining] of treaties the under task its chance fulfilling of better a Council the European give they right, own its in institution an becomes now Council European that the the fact with taken together but, architecture institutional previous pragmatic the to improvements all are changes three the
consequences. no have far-reaching will decision today's countries, those in companies ferry the For
famous. the most is Sellafield
immediately. follow will employment on extensive discussions very issued, is directive social a as soon that as fact of the very aware am I
Given information Europe's of integrity the protect to order in in place measures security effective have to critical time is a it increasing, constantly are systems on attacks information that fact the systems.
.... never, now or "It's said: Presley Elvis great late, as the Or,
proposal. the of balance overall the disturb would that 14, because No Amendment accept also Commission cannot The
be regulated. will health of areas these word that my have You
afternoon. remarks this my conclude and feelings my need express to thoughts I and words the with me provides Havel Václav
discretion. own their establish at to been left have States Member individual the that position a imposing surreptitiously minors, while protecting of aim laudable the with - unknown is which of content full - the Lithuanian law a opinion negative on essentially an express Parliament European the make to seemingly is plan the point, in case the In
reality. in fleshed out be actually will, or can, matter this how about different views fundamentally hold specialists law European Even
implemented. cannot be strategy this these, Without
There individual the important in very course of these are and here regulations countless are countries.
citizens. our for provide security social to order in collectivised be should which sectors also are but cases, there some in appropriate might be This
motives. our misinterpret deliberately might who and relationship positive a committed to not are who government, outside the Russia, in are those there that however accept I
position. manifests our clearly That
for me? do it will What
(A4-0274/97) Report Martens
democracy. liberal authentic an establish to fight the actions in such to ourselves not must limit but we elections, observing of practice the maintain therefore We should
I me lesson! teach to order in stick a be with would it did, they if or, back; not come would people does, industry, food the including industry, of much that way the in farm my on to behave were I if that tell you a
1992. as long ago as presented were this for guidelines the quality though even and 36%, to up rate by mortality the cuts this to WHO, according though, all, even to screening for mammography programmes national offer to started date have to Member States eight only example, for that, absolutely scandalous as it see I
time. the for of part docked remain to need which ships state-of-the-art large, with countries and round all out year sail that ships traditional small, with countries between differences the to highlighting preference in is This
this Parliament! in nothing on voted have we time first the is this that me to seems it because vote, the in part take not did present I I was although that clear it make want to just Madam I President,
I many factors the presents adequately it because report, the favour of in voted have involved.
report. excellent very a forward bringing Parish on Mr congratulating begin I by could President, Mr
prison. in them keep to afford cannot we because being are released prisoners and cut are being numbers Police
this area. in protection comprehensive need We
risks. and technical political higher accept to have we that means phase post-crisis the immediate intervening in that fact of the aware fully be We must
other countries. in consumers and consumers European among both quality, of terms benefits in the especially products, agricultural their of image the to promote of States Member part the on need real a to response a Paper provides Green The
independent. were they as once interdependent as are nations Today
The social practising countries on exert to pressure or rules WTO the in clause a social adopt to need the on decision no taken Council has dumping.
corruption? to combat introduced be programmes and measures Will
subsidiarity. of control legal the on is reservation have Group a Socialist the in Where we
matches. football security enhanced at to boost a represent does it but individual privacy, to threat a not pose does This
to marketing. production from sector, dairy the in regulation market advocate also I would
women. of dignity the enhance to movements women's working are there that appreciate I
incomprehensible. is production, food of the field in than do animal nutrition area of the in apply should standards stringent more Why
practice. into do' as I say, not I as 'do expression famous that puts European Parliament The
point. a related have I
Pascual). Grandes de Luis (Rapporteur: organisations (recast) survey and inspection ship for standards and rules common on Council the and European of Parliament the of regulation a adopting for - C6-0223/2008 - (05726/2/2008 position common Council the on and Transport on Tourism, the Committee behalf of reading, on second for recommendation the
trend. clear a be to seem not does and there scale a small on generally been have – however disquieting – incidents increased, the has intolerance inter-ethnic that it appears although that states September, 15 on mission, published of heads by the report The
The on impact an have will statistical effect the and time, the at 1 Objective as classed areas the convergence actual in will Others be account. into take to will need consensus financial new the variables of the is one policy agricultural reformed a of impact that.
22.
now. by Pakistan already reached have would that aid forms of more faster, effective other of instead procedure aid drawn-out slow, this choosing of wisdom question the might One
If for sufficient is have given I the answer that hope I then Government, German the of the with position do to had question your you.
structure. social different totally need a the for it brings with and land the divides water where areas words, other in , regions' 'archipelago become see this like to would I Instead,
time. and scope limited in necessarily is that process not a is it and that this hope with course pleased of am I nationalist a as themselves, agreements the States concluding Member the of possibility the comes when it However,
report. Berès on the comments my concludes This
honestly. very speak also and relations good maintain must we that friends with is other; it each to clearly must speak Friends
pay. to theirs not is which - countries European many in bankruptcy amounts to which - price a pay people to working ask cannot we but rules the rewrite we essential that absolutely is It
culture. administrative and budgetary new introduce a or strengthen was to priorities your of one that said have repeatedly Mr Santer, You,
done. be bit to a quite still is there though, this respect, In
countries. third in violations rights human intervenes against it when its credibility is enhancing and Europe unified truly a developing towards step another is taking Union European the document, rights fundamental human European the most to up signing by that pleased very (HU) am I
Some clarify to made been have attempts and reinstated been since have Council the by not accepted the proposals others. of
it. demanding companies are of thousands of hundreds but company, European the over unanimity yet reached not we have company: the European Remember
Round Millennium WTO
accommodating. open and being means This
primarily. even or solely either policy, monetary of consequence a be long term, and medium the in not, will euro credible and Ruffolo, stable a Mr
support. of worthy particularly and project exceptional an is Service External Action European the establishment of the gentlemen, and Ladies
expected. although worrying, Abdullah was Öçalan, leader, Kurdish the sentence on pronounced death the uphold to decision s Appeal' of Court Turkish The
no. to say wanted French the where yes say would they legitimised, newly and elected them was of one when that, outset, so at the pre-selected were candidates two elections, the presidential to came it When
We of what period over and manage with can we reduction a of by way percent many how see to need also time.
another post. Commission to appointed being Mr Buttiglione’s to objection any have however, did not, We
government. for matter a all is believe it of people their many that seems It
State. Member in any disturbances to led has movement free that indicate nothing to is there that report its in states Commission The
conventions. international with accordance in obviously be undertaken, will projects procurement defence-related public which and security with frequency the facilitate and increase to intended initiative of huge a part only one is measures these Implementing
year. per day one just on ourselves concern we which with something not be equality should Mr President, gender   
and collapse. unravel, will common Council position The agreement. the failure of a to lead will it grammes 150 for go we If
1989. December in Strasbourg in here met they when government and state heads of the by expressed will political out the of was born Foundation Training European the know, you As
codecision. to subject not are which third countries with agreements of a on set words in other cooperation, or judicial and police and control border capacities, strengthening the of returns, readmissions, on Agreements Cooperation and Partnership conclude to ability EU’s the on increasingly dependent becoming policies are these that apparent is It
   Day. International on here Commission, the of Member female a you, see to pleased am I Commissioner, Mr President. – . Women’s
topical. extremely is appeal still his ago, of years thousands that wrote he though Even
discrimination. of prohibition the and family life to protect obligation the accordance with adopted in be must measures reunification Family
3 p.m. at continue will It
on spending. cap the of and enlargement costs of major the bear will who France be it case, will this In
matter? in this societies civilised of expected standards the meet not democracies modern can Why
belong. they where is which that directive, report on the in issues these discuss instead, we would, and directive, that services the for out worked be to provisions the report for this in place no be would there agreement that an Committee to came The
This this in step a is Communication this and policy in Union increasingly important becoming is issue direction.
kind. worst of opportunism the be Cohn-Bendit to Mr by made speech the for applause the now and morning Solana this Mr you gave which applause the consider I
account. bank personal ruler's the into straight going proceeds the of indeed or fees license the with part of raw materials, of extraction the for licenses grant African regimes corrupt in which way the and case this between drawn be to substance distinction of a of much is there think that not do I
concerned. persons of all rights the fundamental for respect guarantee to order in actions taken on also the and place, took which events the on report detailed a Commission the promised send to have They
House. this in been have I than longer out for held been has crime organised combat instrument to effective an as Europol of prospect the Mr President,
Thirdly, be to needs warrant arrest European the application of to the obstacle constitutional every removed.
abroad. invest (SMEs) to medium-sized enterprises and small for conditions the creating to contribute will States the Member and EU the between responsibilities of the sharing of definition a and measures These
challenges. numerous that presented years difficult three were These
areas. rural employment in and sustainability environmental safety, food of challenges the to rise that can policy agricultural common strong a set on indeed achieving is and supports House that this reveals clearly debate afternoon's this President, Madam (ES)
up? made be fund to the is How
it. demands situation the because perspective, a European from consider it to also need we and this reality from escape cannot We
past. the in made mistakes to opposition in out come they have shortcomings, and denounced superstate and European a of creation the against warned have They
is this. investigating Commission that the most pleased be would he and Parliament this in years his in hard for long and fought Stewart Ken which issue an was This
speak. like to would they that indicated colleagues have Many
easier. any solution political a make will not president, elected Maskhadov, Chechnya’s of The murder
The to begs Commission differ.
budget line. separate a is there why is That
ago. years two point same the at Parliament European the I for produced report which the extent, from certain to a on, follows report This
measures. practicable of means effectively by more be combated to is creed and origin race, on based discrimination clear, made excellent report Arie Oostlander's as endorses, Group PPE the which action, of Commission's plan the In
process. the peace stage of first the consolidate to order in 000 500 EUR of the tune to the Commission of part the on funding of form the and in political statements through both furthered been issue has This
decision-making. political involved in not and independent be it letting by opportunities better company the give new for and success go should we think I
on other. the welfare, animal and hand, the one on research, of promotion the and industry needs of the between directly involved, those with consultation of detailed result a as struck, balance the maintain to need will Without we doubt,
We this against voted therefore have report.
criteria. health no are there that You know
natural catastrophes. or for prepare prevent, to, react to easily used more be can which fund a have to viable possible wise, or is it whether considering still are We
We the from participants ever-increasing of number an with House, this in here conferences inter-parliamentary held have parliaments.
Union. our of members be soon very will hope we which Lithuania, States, and Poland Member two the essentially it, surrounding area the of context economic general the with into line Kaliningrad of inhabitants of the living standard of the which bring funding for Russians the with along other formulae to study prepared naturally is Union The European
this. for be blamed could I account, otherwise texts into the take obliged to am I that and dogma stickler for a am I that however, understand, will You
nature. structural is in unemployment of fifths four some estimates, ECB to According
discussed. been adequately so far has that think not do I
again. happens never it that must ensure Union European and this - racism lead and intolerance where us should remind That
writing. to right the have shall person 'Every - in life.
Now, the improve to continued have rapporteurs shadow the and Rothe, Mrs rapporteur, the at reading, second proposals.
matter. fundamental a is which fund, the in structural of culture consideration the these to should add we course, Of
school. at years first child’s a from quality right high also is that schooling on be based to has education of level that high a fact of the mention makes no it states, but text the as education, high of level a requires economy knowledge-based A
basis. historical the to referred alone Mr Lyon Also,
report. same the and one in are termed, they as minority groups, together three bringing worthwhile incredibly was It
industry. transport workers the all for in protection level basic providing of aims our can fulfil we workers, of categories special introducing by that believe not do I
Yet another just was this dream.
Mr Seeber truly to be is cooperation our if key importance of that is and emitters major all on participation broad on build to have will climate regime change future any that underlined has efficient.
environment. the on international agreements of implementation the in all at levels cohesion for necessity the out keeps pointing Council The
himself. neck her around rope the placing upon insisted He
amendments. two these withdrawing for Sylla Mr to grateful am President, Mr I
true. be cannot this conclusion that the to come you soon will moment a just for about it think you If
regard. this in Barnier Commissioner by concern expressed the share I integration. specifically towards made progress already the reverse not must it First,
affected. be would group his thought Batten Mr that I surprised was
House. this in support broad will receive us before is now that report the that I believe
transport. and reduce emissions unnecessary all reduce must We
met." are down laid requirements safety quality and the provided directive the exemptions to permit may States Member the EU, the of outside countries from EU the into importation the to regards with and products, solely plasma of certain of case shortage the "In following: states It the
clarifying. need my view, which, in Council the of part the on and silences talk somewhat equivocal the to listened have I
Together, patient the success, but a was operation ‘The saying, the in found one humorous blackly the be will EU project the characterising in use to time, years’ few a in able, be we shall success of criterion the development continues, this if and, certainty legal reductions in huge involve of results categories two these died.’
on. hold referendums to States Member new in the the politicians for impossible unacceptable and objectionable, be of course, also, would else Anything are. things way the is That
policy. fisheries common the of review forthcoming of the context the in solved be sector should aquaculture fisheries and EU the problems in The
right. this citizens informing of and Ombudsman's role of the aware remain that we ensuring in here, play to role a have Parliament in We
the embryo. all above and life is sacred, life, which have we list the of top the At
must companies meet. that conditions the up tightens time same at and the directive a replaces which regulation, new the of purpose is the That
documents. and Union numerous UN by fortified are which law, international and rights human principles of on well-defined based is sanctions of policy This
this. by jeopardised also potentially, affected, and are citizens also of rights the and protection life, data private of areas the Ultimately,
There in representative OSCE the and commander force the liaison close between be will Tirana.
democracy. in again trust once to Kyrgyz people the helping of contrary, on the but, country affairs of that internal the in interfering our of case a not is It
family. the human to insult an is such which barbaric practice end this to an put to attempt last a in risk this to take us for come has time The
the air. in or safety traffic control air of problems the resolve effectively can own its on State No Member
Union. the of the enlargement for possible future best ensure the to order in work, transposition excessive - here end shall I as- and well as duplicated criteria measures, in increase an exponential avoid to able be will we way this in that President, Mr sure, I am
copyright. of laws international the under all fall patentable: they is program software alternatively, no Or
Council. in blocked are moment this at dossiers several that fact deplores the group my that to you say to have I However,
be. will mix their energy what decide freely must which States, Member the of responsibility the are choices These
women. by work undertaken value to fails model that a accept continues to society equality but impose laws the that in kilter, of out is that situation have therefore a We
waters. in any than rather (EEZ), zone economic exclusive 200-mile the inside catches to provision limit the to been would have solution an alternative sourcing aspect, global the On
I here difficulty without is adopted report the that hope tomorrow.
presidency British the during activities Cardiff - Council in European
agencies. employment and subcontractors to externalised thereby also security are contributions social and of taxes payment the and, conditions, working on and wages standards observing as, obligations, such financial and legal associated The
chicken. a be not lion and a of heart the have it must courage, show greater must Europe
April. 19 on general elections the after ratified be hope, will, we determination heartening. This is reforms such implement to Government the provisional of will political the clear and challenges reform, of the assume to have will underdevelopment, of after years many Bulgaria, return In
conditions. sanitary deplorable in absolutely live they and to school go do not vaccinated, they not are they to beg, forced are they origin, Roma of are They
diagnosis. correct a on based are they ineffectual unless be measures will best The
normalcy. to return operational and efficient fast, to a be there for needed whole are a as community international the of support assistance and the however, Union; the European of States Member of presence the with aid humanitarian providing and consolidating security for responsible are forces allied the stage, the At present
ago. years ten of Romania the from place difference very a country today, different a very is that, all Romania said Having
This other financial and premiums insurance calculating factor in a as gender of use the prohibiting for provides a directive for proposal services.
policy. security and single foreign a have to Europe for will confirmation the of are immigration illegal of issue thorny extremely the tackle to forces must join all we that effect the to words Aznar's Minister Prime
entirely. you with agree I Commissioner, On that,
power. strengthen that to aims treaty also constitutional draft The
Second, smoking the reduce will cultivation tobacco in European reduction the that mean not does it Europe, in growing stop tobacco we if population. even
benefits. many regulation introduces new The
Milosevic. of murder organised the and Yugoslavia against war US-ΝΑΤΟ-ΕU dirty of the anniversary 7th the coincide with the Parliament European in debate and the decisions Commission and the Council report, The –   
services. energy efficiency end-use and energy on Directive the regarding workable compromise sensible, a at arriving in succeed shall we situation, this in difficult that, particularly hope fervent express my I Council when the of President-in-Office the addressing am I
otherwise. organised or of activities, criminal forms various combat to and prevent to actions the implement to proposals, and relevant with up come to committed is The Commission
Parliament. in this happened has that time first not the is it Sadly,
changes. far-reaching undergo alone reason that for must policy agricultural common The
system. democratic a introduce help to order in the elections part take in to people, Oromo the of representatives including the Ethiopia, in encouraged everyone Union, European the we, In 2005,
with Be work to great been has it may, it as that you.
welcome. very Presidency Austrian are the planned by being are that seminars media all the and media, the and society civil to reach out must We
policy. security common no external is there Treaty the In
opinion. express its to Parliament allow to as so postponed, be to point this the for Presidency ask too I and duty my done have concerned, am I I far as As
of modernity. pressures the tradition and perform between to act balancing difficult a have They
price. of course, and, terms flexibility of in choice, terms of in offer can Europe across companies that best the of consumers deprives This
The all at if world the in out it to stamp is key possible.
as eBay. such platforms auction online on items purchase they when contract the withdraw from to right the to entitled be will on, from now Europeans,
brevity. necessary with the things these all to respond to difficult it find now I and minutes, forty some than no more us in before been put our has concerns of range whole The
crooked. be home will the then in design, the for called as foundations the into concrete amount of necessary pour the not does and dishonest, or foolish either is who worker building be a to happens there a home, of construction the during if, more, is What
Agriculture an become has industry.
The Gender for Platform Action for UN - +15 Beijing on the resolution favour of in voted 2010, February 25 today, have Conservatives Swedish Equality,.
not! are you or are either pregnancy: you like is battle for ready said, being has George Robertson As
level. State Member at problems possible overcoming to is essential services, to financial relating disputes extrajudicial cross-border to resolve - implemented already has Commission the which and - and applied proposed been have which mechanisms the on 16, that paragraph Kauppi, believe I Mrs by report the to regard With
this. evidence of is Kosovo Again
These quite look really values respectable.
out. this sort thing can we weeks few the next in that hope certainly I
a formality. merely is this that have alleged reports press Certain
again. them then dash and hopes raise to was did we Basically, all
despair. out of emigrating their to leads cities, which large the reach they when poverty into descent and people's exodus rural the scourge of the halting in play to role decisive a has Public money
vessels. existing to instruments such fitting of the during arise could difficulties that technical the of note due has Commission taken The
productions. non-European only benefit and identity national expressing its away from Hungary divert could it freedom, too much is if there Nevertheless,
Italy. in trials corruption the in involved prosecutors Italian of the from some heard we ago some Affairs months Internal and Liberties Civil Committee on the At
error. to an draw attention to like would I report, but Tillich the on vote to due are we afternoon this Mr President,
(H-0471/02): Bautista Ojeda Carlos by 62 No Question
gender-blind. are usually systems health Our
other. the on approach citizen-friendly a more and hand one the on objectives: security main two achieve to us allow will that regulation the believe I Commissioner, President, Madam (DE)
this time. at country my in imposed circumstances be no under could unbundling that aware well am I but unbundling, ownership of idea the fully endorse I Personally,
children. are figures show, those as them, of Many
missions'. observation electoral in EU Canada, and Norway Switzerland, as such countries, third from observers of participation to the tribute 'Pays
farms. these on slaughtered animals for the compensation 100% immediate also be should There
Men. Wise of Committee the appointment of opposed the originally though they even outcome, and its report of this in support out coming colleagues honourable my of many so see to am pleased I report, and Men's Wise the basis of the on necessary and justified was the Commission of resignation the gentlemen, and President, ladies Mr
adopted. has clearly Parliament European the position that the of Institute the inform to able shall be I debate, the held have Once we
Vera's report? Castillo del Mrs by is served purpose What (FR) - writing. in
way. in similar a to Parliament act allow to have would we – States the by green light the given been not initially had which but Group, Miert the Van by supported with and dealt modification, single a was it if even – projects proposed Commission’s initial the modified had Council the if that said I Transport, for Ministers of Council the meeting of the of occasion the on yesterday, Members honourable that to the say to like I would
EU. to the contribution gross total reduce its to able be so and subsidies receiving from to refrain able be thus should Each country
concerns. its geostrategic of hallmarks the of one is multilateralism, which effective an develop to continues EU the that hope and report this drafting of the matter, welcome I this on policies future Parliament's out setting policy towards defence and foreign on debate public for the need I recognise Whilst
solidarity. to committed fully Europe of a vision a of and imagination, political of lack a was There
very difficult. becomes level European the at a solution and countries various of a problem becomes then firm the of The problem
possible. as quickly as blueprint in Ireland's spaces blank the to fill order in areas both in action immediate take to have to are going We
Union. in the public confidence restore to begin shall we Union, European the from derive they the of benefits aware clearly make people Union and European the of policies the of aspects positive such highlight manage to we If
with marine the for are reefs coral deep-water important how just appreciate to essential is it report, that As ecosystem.
of view. a point expressing one only the is person where that point the to debate the simplify never convictions must the strongest with person The
power. in now is group ethnic different a if homes their to return to want not refugees do many is that problem main The
society. European into society, Irish the seeped into has project European the Europe or about ignorance an apathy, an decade, past the during reason some for And yet,
time. some considerable for proposal commentary this on other to but discussion, this to only carefully, not listened have I
referendum. the with connection Sweden in region of Norrland the to made were promises big that out point to be allowed to ask also We
   European the Turks in not or Turkey want do they that it plain make to order in Turkey, on debate every speech in same the make whom of most spoken, have who House of this Members all those sincerely, most and warmly very thank, to like would I Madam President, – Union.
You serious a is it that see will matter.
on. go deaths the and double disservice a of Iraq people the do that, we denying By
or Eurojust. namely Europol institutions, EU corresponding the as well as States, Member in the authorities and police judicial corresponding the to notify obliged be should authorities US the suspected, is terrorism of act an as soon As
I and properly use good to put be to is Budget European the if indispensable are which recommendations, Court's the for and year the throughout cooperation for good their Auditors of the and Court of staff members the all thank to wish administered.
balance. a find I must circumstances, these In
closed. is debate case the any In
Affairs. Monetary and Economic on Committee the of behalf on speaking am I Mr President,
election? the happen after will What
amendments. as part-session this them to submitting by own his them has made he procedure, of reasons for - because, favour in 1 to 10 of vote a approved by were which - conclusions Rights Citizens' and Affairs Legal Committee on the of opinion the of conclusions accepted the he in which has way the for Velzen van Mr thank would to like I firstly, And,
Through the of country members developing the particular, in support, to initiatives key two launched have we Coalition Renewable Energy Johannesburg of the secretariat coalition. the
perspective. financial next the for agreement an for basis a good proposals constitute the that believes The Commission
family. single a within treatment differing prevent This will
another. or way one decide to though, We ought,
idea! interesting an What
specialisation. of smart the concept about talk to together come will regions the all conference, Europe' where regions innovative of of 'Week the to Hungary, in Debrecen, to weeks' time of couple a in go will I
involved. States Member the of and intentions will political the on also but funding providing on depend only not will successfully projects these implementing nature, cross-border of their view In
I country, my mountainous like areas, also and archipelagos especially regions, island with countries for policy a similar inspire could the report that found Greece.
notification. the to relating information of detailed publication the full entail would That
change. combating made climate in has that it commitments the fulfil resources and maximise and preserve need to the given Union European the for policy priority a is efficiency Energy
But as an ISO standards the mention just would I and here Europe, beyond goes which level, international the forget not us let example.
future. the in rather now than preferably and up - tightened and revised be legislation should GMO the that imperative is It
Dates see sittings: forthcoming of Minutes
respect. in this important particularly is observation Earth
This in developments worrying series of a in element one only is law Hungary.
of Chechnya. issue the on silent are we Moreover,
there. proposal excellent an report makes Seppänen The
presentation. for your Commissioner, you, thank President, Mr
prices. of revision downward for a push can it but itself, to prices impose unable is Commission the that you to make clear have to I
outcome. an produced has conference climate the that now and Cancún prior to had we the debate after again, once European Parliament, the in today, be here to pleased very am I of Parliament, members honourable President, Mr
How?
possible. as peaceful as that are means country by the in situation difficult current the leaders, and opposition civic of assistance the with government, reverse, to their by are terrorised who of people Zimbabwe, the may EU assist the by initiated measures that hope the in resolution, draft the adoption of the on agree all surely can We
but limited. extended, be not should directive This
refugees. political and immigrants of origin of mainly countries are which countries world developing the and Union the European between relationship development, the migration and between relationship the is it dimension, the is It
is. problem the where is that is, the truth is where that are, people where the is That
sorry. am I Madam President,
closed. is debate The
life. human of loss the avoiding mean can them if using resources available, technical advanced most the using not for excuse has no EU The
approach. one-size-fits-all a avoids regulation the that positive is It
legislation. sector the food of field in need we that approach consistent overall, this soon adopt very will Commission the that I hope legislation, effective and transparent clear, need Europe, in believe to going they are if who, and consumers SMEs of interests the in particularly Therefore,
citizens. its has: Europe thing important the most forgetting be would we because - here memory from quoting am I guaranteed be - would not success its fields, monetary and economic the in only advance to were Europe if that, notice we Council European Turin the of Minutes the In
review. a further undergone has it until sign to it not and scrutiny careful further to Morocco with the agreement subject to Commission the therefore ask I
Speaking of an issue make to our intention announce to wish I group, my of behalf on this.
these. with will deal later speak will colleagues who my and shortcomings still There are
in Moldova. rights human of law and rule of the for respect ensure and democratic institutions consolidate the further process can electoral forthcoming the that hope and of Moldova Republic by the made progress the welcome we President, Mr - Verts/ALE Group. the of behalf on
minority. small a constitutes only today and 1999 January 1 since regularly been falling has future near in the in euros account an opening envisage who people of the percentage that show France, least in at The polls, opinion
(H-0402/03): Gorsel Plooij-van Elly by No 40 Question
others. 150 wounding people and killing 59 by January 22 on rally protest their to son, responded dictator's the by led security presidential force, The
model. social and economic our Union: our of pillars the one of threatens this and difficulty in been has European economy the however, some years, For
If from this the countries towards applied triple standards or even double the and world Arab the in movements the concerning example, for better, much be would regard that EU in the of equilibrium the already today, strategy policy foreign European a was there region.
defence. policy and foreign on instruments Lisbon's Treaty of the with buttressed EU an be will it soon agreed; furthermore, was Transatlantic New Agenda the when of EU 1995, the than externally act to able more that is Union stronger European a is second The
respected. be must they this and matter in say a Europe have of people The
Fernandes. Mr by the report in see can we the principles more welcome once therefore I
1970s. the early back date to America and Latin with are parliaments other and Parliament the European between longest-standing relations the in fact, now; years for parliamentarians Latin American with relations close very cultivated has Parliament European the that modesty all in out to point opportunity this take may I But
environment. the and energy do with to for things money more to have want and frameworks economic up have set we No 45 Amendment In
points. make four and House, this in discussion the for Members thank first me let President, Mr - the Commission. of Member
clear regulations. by be guided to continue should who processors, food and farmers small on impact their of assessment an be there should that concerned is Committee the Agriculture systems, critical points control and analysis hazard for the proposals whilst welcoming Likewise,
slowdown. the responsible for solely not is factor that this shows Union European of the the GNP percentage of minimal for a accounts Asia, South-East and Brazil Russia, as such in crisis, regions the with trade our that fact The reason. very only the be cannot they But
tests. stress to be subjected also should crisis tackle the to financial aid needing banks that establishing adopted, were aid state on Commission the proposed by guidelines July 2009, development, in their During
further. this prolong have to to I hate President, Mr
tyranny. the existence under and survival their for fighting are now but they regime, Lukashenko the to opposition the of organisers key among the have been unions trade Independent
Europe. within here change marked being there delivered without way in be some will just agenda Lisbon the that assumption the about and States United the issues in governance corporate about much complacency too is there doubt that no is there However,
One river upper the in taken been have temporarily this water retain to measures no is that but another course, of rain, is the reason basin.
concerns. non-trade and trade accommodating effectively of consists challenge the Consequently, principal
period. previous programming the in in force those to close levels funding regain to regions these enable to really is aim the though even regions, outermost the for limit public subsidy the and rates Fund assistance Structural raise to proposing is Commission the fact that the from take can satisfaction measures, we structural the regard to With
this scheme. to allocated budget the whole of the than England of part my in more cost would infrastructure improving Yet
markets. or job services, markets, capital product to relate they whether recommendations, Commission the approves your rapporteur policies, structural to regard with Finally,
In 000 120 over already claimed has conflict separatist the meantime, the victims.
crisis. the European debate on a into turned has presidency Luxembourg the debate on this However,
Bulgaria. as such to countries homilies many too delivering of wary should we be opinion, my humble in then, stage, this At
Eurobarometer. have we letters; have We very important. is which labelling, with together policy, best the and are education So awareness
In not does Kosovo in situation the that so possible is still that effort extra little make that to force Yugoslavia to President-in-Office, Mr difficult, very is it conditions, these explode.
We of this kind showing Presidencies subsequent the all see to like should goodwill.
agencies. the financial Service and Action External the them, need really regions that European those for released to be able be that will Structural Funds the youth, mobility, to regard with citizens the for results concrete also provide will it a budget: just than more much which is budget, this have we and agreement an reaching in we succeeded we faced, difficulties that the and the pitfalls Despite
ever! than more topical now is directive Bolkestein say, the to is That
Programme Socrates
justice. economy and industry, and trade instance culture, for States, Member in ministries different and sectors interests, many involve which issues upon touches since it proposal easy an is not It
situation. current the in objective employment the to given is importance due that and conditions acceptable under takes place restructuring change, that the for made are preparations adequate that ensure to which is question law in the of purpose the ultimate to thus contributing frameworks, national and existing Community the today completes us before directive the Rights, Fundamental of Charter the and Directive Council European Works the Statute, Company European the after territory: Union implemented be throughout which would consultation standards and information minimum of the introduction proposes directive This
CFSP. the on decisions Council's the about the event informed after been we have far so Lastly,
weaker. making us are they and themselves weakening are out they staying By
. NCAs?' are What ' table: the around seated were who ministers finance the of to all informally the question put he say that Ministers Council of the of member a former heard once I
rainforest. Amazonas the in resume to logging and mining allow which will two laws, abrogate intending to is Venezuela of the Government President, Mr
day. national your on congratulations moreover: we say, would friends, Polish our To
the refugees. access to free HCR the particular in and agents humanitarian allow and rights of human violations the systematic to end an to put FDL the persuade to envoys special their through pressure intense have on putting been UN the and States United the Union, European the said, just has Council as the weeks, few last the In
need. of times in they are countries whenever help to cooperation economic international anew the build must we why Europe demonstrates central and of eastern the countries of some in experiencing now are What we
information. of means by and what where informed, be to wish whom they by receive, to they wish that information the identify better to order in citizens, the to listening of operation large-scale a launch to going is Commission , the Europe' of Future 'The action the of the framework within relations, public regard to With
long last. at wisdom from this learn authorities should Turkish the and institutions European The
organisations. international and authorities Indonesian the with together needed aid package size of the of the assessment an part in taken have Organisation Humanitarian s Community' European the of Representatives
me politically only is and declaration political a is Charter the viewpoint our from follows: as explain to Allow binding.
world. whole the round business for but Europe, for only significant, very not to be going is clearly That
centres. urban our regenerate and areas peripheral our develop funds to using the of experience vast have Scotland we in cohesion, as to EU Funds of Structural importance the on report this own-initiative support to pleased I was President, Mr
As of this favour in vote therefore cannot I Nürnberg, for MEP a new report.
policies. Union's European of the impact social measuring the about talking are You
value. limit VOC content with the compliance when assessing included not be should surface painted the on remaining film coating the form to reacts which paint the VOCs in of the part the that proposal the mention just me example let As an
traditions. care medical and healthcare systems national differences between the of in view issue complex a is mobility Patient    .
policy. fisheries common the of reform the in States Member the views of defying the the Commission by difficult more the made all been has This task
power. nuclear and renewables including especially energy, to indigenous commitment our increasing means This
law. of rule the and rights human democracy and governance, good to themselves committed governments African the part, their for but, resources, new dollars of in billions provide to undertook countries the developed hand one On the
reality. a become actually but smiles quiet to rise just give not will Internet, the virtue of by Parliament, a paperless of even perhaps and paperless office the of idea the that hope much very I personally
him. to see Kandahar to travelled who UNESCO, of representative meet to the even unwilling been has He
October. last Hungary in disaster sludge the toxic with dealing when wrong something went because of attention deal great a deserves clearly concerned, are friends our Hungarian where particularly prevention, disaster of concept President, the Mr (DE)
past. the mistakes of the from be learned to need Lessons
opinions. individual the from emerges as the mid-term, in possible be to accession their needed for are efforts major further countries all for these that emphasize should I
approval. for House this to back come doubt no will which it way for logical steady, a in perform, but to task and a flexibility it It gives
Presidential events. the of one constituted Presidency and the of auspices under the directly held was conference The
European European Council in the at raised be also certainly must which issue an to, adhered be should Koslodui at reactors dangerous the shutting down on agreement the that asks Parliament The Vienna.
position. candidate this for excellent an found have House, we this Member of former a Vries, de Gijs Mr in and, security, internal of matters for coordinator a of the appointment welcome We also
voice. single a with world the to speak should that Europe desire popular the echoes example, constantly for Eurobarometer, things: view of same the throughout take Europe people that confident I am
years. six over ECU million 35 budget to PACT the in resources the in increase an by is accompanied programming This
constituency. my in year August last 18 and on 17 place took disaster which fire a - House this in before I mentioned have which - fire Penhallow the is about talk to want I What
independence. its has country that - provided country's currency a regulating for exist of possibilities wealth A (DA)
society. in marginalised most already the by often quite is represented that face and well as a face human has crisis financial this that to remember so important is It
terms. partisan in divides against political improper also am I
personnel. plutocracy's political or Parliament European the EU, of the behalf on favour its in any solution expect class cannot working The
Council ( the modified by as Budget Draft 2011 new the on position Parliament's
it. on based practice administrative judicial and legislative, implementing the account when into taking evaluated fully be only can effects legal its and Union law constitution with the of interaction the on precise view the as analysis, preliminary a make only can Commission the stage, this at Therefore,
cooperation. possible all while developing overlap and waste needless prevent to order in Bilbao in Health Safety and for Agency European the and Foundation this between agreement a of cooperation signature the welcome also We Foundation. the Dublin within transparency greater will ensure tools which and accounting new budgetary up setting in made progress the welcome we rapporteur, the with Together
And another at questions itself report the even aquaculture, which develop measures to areas" and rest "biological by introducing be frozen to activities fishing for calls basically report the accountable, it hold to and fail action this of consequences tragic highlight the to fail report the proposal and the Commission both while point.
future. the for procedures and set rules of coherent a provides institutions three all of input considerable following the position common of the text but effort, time and much taken has It
report Mosiek-Urbahn
Doha round. the of sectors all cover will that compromise and balanced logical a want We
a friend. is it if even partner, a with negotiate to order in proposed been arrangements have reciprocal no that incomprehensible really is It
funds. structural the and subsidies export the oil, olive areas of in the flagged again been once have major errors that fact is a It
dropped. amendment be can our then that, do will you that say today can you If
them. vote for to my colleagues ask I and plenary, in tabling are we amendments three the behind reasoning the is This
democratisation. of the problems with struggling is which Ukraine, with regime, a of example clinical say one might and transparent clear, a by is controlled which Belarus, made of be not must comparisons Therefore,
countries. in developing investments European for including countries, developing in for investments improve, conditions rather facilitate, or to us for is it important stress how to also like would I
pensions. on reprieve obtained a also We
Zimbabwe. Union on by the declaration a presidency of Council the June by 3 on publication the supported fully Commission the situation, the of gravity Given the
I positive a such we that achieved ensure to much did contribution energetic whose as Chairman, Böge, Mr thank to like also would outcome.
On reply. Again sent. was fax another April 16 no
Organization. World Trade the to notified be to would need and and proportional necessary be need to would adopt to decided Union European measure the Any
equality. of lack a reveal still Pensions systems
pieces. to blown literally horribly, suffer being landmines of victims The
comments. questions and your for all you to thanks (SV) Many
protectionism. of new form some with do to absolutely nothing has This
state. unstable and fragile a in currently is democracy However,
other. each around running European delegations four or three with crisis, East Middle the had in we like situation a have cannot We
freedom. political economic and consolidate their to Union the to looking are Europe and eastern central in countries new Empire, the Soviet in being oppressed previously After
business. big of interests the and serve by dictated are and enterprises medium-sized and small and workers, farmers of needs with the incompatible States are Member the ?U and of the policies because the motion the against are voting We
Brussels. in plenary sittings mini superfluous the with away by doing Treaty, the changing without circus travelling the to end an could We put
years. two past the over accomplished been has which work the extraordinary for colleagues all and today, us with be who cannot Hughes, Stephen thanking Mr Kerr in Mr join with I also
resolution. this on worked have those who thank warmly to like would As I such,
another. condemn opinion and one to welcome not is It
with statistics. economical extremely is it that makes sense It
the past. in things viewing to used been perhaps has habits, cultural its in Europe, opposite, as complete the not and growth, economic prerequisite for community, a vast structuring for a basis the institutional aspect, an and then, factor; culture growth a and factor economic to an rise give then will which Europe, for opportunity this strategy and this boost greatly to serve will result evening' s this funds, of the lack despite and approach with this agree We
other. one from separate strictly kept instruments are financial two these that to ensure taken should be Care
dark. gets it once only say to is that late, bed to go they that and cannot North sleep the in children as that such time, against summer arguments strange hear sometimes does Nevertheless, one
to era. belongs another that the world of view white and black in a more generally, imperialism and imperialism, Western against American combat the of symbol a as particular, in countries developing the and opinion, public world of eyes the in himself justify to trying is Hussein Saddam that fact a is it context, general more a In
action? our external of visibility and effectiveness consistency, the increase to able rules and instruments operational with proposing, is the Commission as ourselves, provide desire the to oppose can Who
action. rapid this on Patten, Mr the Commissioner, particularly and the Commission congratulating join in to like should I and action, rapid s Commission' the effect, in is, resolution s Parliament' for point starting The
Luxembourg. and Italy of cases the of sufficient knowledge have do not clearly I since Spain, of case the referring to am obviously I
of fighting. resumption the of the victim first is population civilian the once since, again, organisations humanitarian the meet to and populations, displaced the requirements of the assess to crisis, this on attention is our full that ground, the on demonstrate, to to Goma went also ministers The
Ultimately, are somewhat taken approaches the that the impression one has where Davos, to comparison in is interesting it why exactly be may this and diverse is the throughout world society because diverse is it however, unilateral.
competition. little very of years many to endure shall have We
committees. our in and House this appearance in in an put Commissioners the that ensure to will be new responsibility and task new important a very nepotism, or mention fraud to not over, is bureaucracy of period the that once I think
bare with On their slick oil the fight to having are volunteers and fishermen populations, including whose and consequences the suffering are which Galicia, as such countries, there are hand, other the hands.
quite straightforward. be really should rights human respect for for report calling a President, Madam
agriculture. production and high-quality between link of the financially account better take and objective this integrate should agricultural policy common The future
indigestible. too and great too is for provides it of amount information minimum The
communication. to regard with repeat I what is local: that go and better explain better, Listen
outcomes. positive want just process. They the interested in not are They
in education. years hundred back a us which sets generation next the among develop will inequality of a form way, this in continue If things
UN. of the coordination and aegis under the being without act could report the admits which situations, humanitarian aid to means response in military of use the or Force' Protection Civil EU an of establishment 'immediate the not report, the by out set path the be should This
as well. Greens the and Party Socialist the of Barón Crespo, Mr of invitation kind at the say, to happy am I and, People's Party European the of Party, Liberal the meetings of at occasions of number on a present been have I
farmers. crop prime and carriers freight the Eurovignette: by penalised for those losses huge and penalties unfair to led has products, Spanish on blamed been recklessly has which crisis, food the Lastly,
opposition. blanket this from different totally is which an approach adopt must we all, and, above culture our in other each relate beings to human civilised way the to contrary is violence because violence reject must we but others, of culture the of be part may It
to growth. return a and market internal the the of would recovery enable which protection, and preference and Community national introducing whilst resources, financial and economic their of control back States the give and logic authoritarian this into question call to need we contrary, the On
Union. European the cornerstones of the of one is States Member various the from entities treatment for equal of principle the gentlemen, ladies and Mr President,   
example, a as suffers consultation professional thorough, that - year of the the beginning at myself this through go had to I - late so reports the us sends but Strategy, Employment European the on Guidelines annual on us the consults Commission European the when For result.
today. about talking are we what That is
I the of States Member the lies with but competence, the Commission's within falls which matter a not this is Parliament tell to have Obviously Union.
them. from exporting to refrain have they field non-harmonised the to are adapted products their Unless
unavoidable. be will - Union European the by cofinanced are installations because scandal, these economic this stop not do you intervene, if not do you if damage - environmental and the is scandalous This
views. their express able to being citizens and safe to feel able being journalists debate, and independent free without can function democracy No
sitting the of Closure
importance. enormous of debate a opens question and any just not Fisheries, on is Committee the of Chairman the by said, to be has it tabled, this question, that I think Secondly,
health. public and welfare environment, animal the jobs, of expense the at is this if even battle, the competitive manner wins cheapest the in produce manages to who person the market, free a In
licences system. import s Community' the States, condemned United the by orchestrated panel, WTO 1999, the In
parents. of stress, and, I state the responsibilities of and obligations as exist other hand, the on should, Roma children, including children, of rights as exist today course, of should, this, which All
little. too is 1.4 billion ECU
one-sided. be to careful not be must that we here expressed been has what with I agree
Lisbon. at set they goals on the through follow to failure their abject demonstrated this week again yet who Ministers of Council the with contrast the how But dreadful
law. Community Treaty into the Prüm incorporating by systems and surveillance VIS and the Schengen updating by helped is This
that. not want does public the and each other, vetoing be will we else or present, be must will inner this made, be and must this leap But
law. competition in future the in happen will what of question the traded raises legally is that for product a advertising ban to principle decision in the gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, President, Mr
international organisations. other and EU the between relations on and thirdly Morocco, with recent one most the as such agreements fisheries international to relation all in States, above the Member and Council the policy by fisheries European common the for support on secondly FIFG, on firstly opinion, of differences many There were
unmet. often too still are member became a it after six obligations years WTO China's
the States. Member in judge any of jurisdiction the from removed to claims be damage American for possible it makes also it Moreover,
It proposal. leaked a about the newspaper in read we that happens often also Commission
better future. a of search continents in whole cross to prepared are of who people enterprise and energy the from benefit can countries All
Zimbabwe. in held were elections since month a almost is It
countries. EU the all afflicting are which violence exclusion and social poverty, the elsewhere: unemployment, lie concerns whose our citizens, which interests one not Certainly
this point. at successful be can we how is, question The
(Commission) Time Question
whole. a as law of rule international the and human rights protects that one unsafe world, and rough this in standards and values of bearer a also as trading but power, a as only Not
Ruth Hieronymi. colleague our especially but Commissioner the to thanks warm my express I Once may again,
increasingly Europe? mobile in an opportunities employment to new therefore and media new to access equal be there can how So
Annex. the to amendments over influence an Council and have the Parliament speakers, that both several by sought advantage, the offers you know, as procedure, legislative full A I. Annex for applied be procedure legislative the full requirement that the accept part in can The Commission I. Annex for procedure legislative the question of the namely proposal, this to referring indirectly was Gebhardt Mrs that think because I 37, No Amendment regarding observation one just make to like would I
prices. support institutional the than higher remain will prices forecasts, market our to that, according fact the by justified proposal a 100 %, that lower compensation contemplating is Commission the why is That
representatives. national the and commissions for permanent the of resources problem the confront to need the highlighted secretariat the and strengthen to need the particular acknowledged which review, another was there 2007, In
achieved. is action local community to access possible that widest the ensure to position unique a are in they as success, eventual its to be crucial will the year during also regional authorities and local of involvement The
I valuable very contain documents both think elements.
European Communities. the establishing Treaty the of 67(2) Article of provisions the to propose, pursuant can Commission the only which amended, be to the require regulation Macedonians would for visa a exemption of introduction The
In financial on charge a such introduce to support measures I and tax, global should a be it effective, be to order transactions.
this. on philosophy GATT no established is There
conflict. Israeli-Palestinian the of issue resolving wider the on implication little has case This
deductions. compulsory reasonable by and finance public sound by created are development sustainable sound, for the conditions that debate in this out point to superfluous is it think not do I Personally,
spatial A maritime and management zone coastal integrated regards as especially enhanced, be to need instruments but other exists, already directive planning. framework
and culture. traditions their to alien that are on them solutions and mindset a imposing than rather way, own their in problems own their to the resolve tools women Turkish give relevant to more be would it why is which two societies, the between differences moral and as religious well as huge are cultural There
It criminal environment in of the protection concerning legal instrument European effective an created we that time high thus is law.
previous year. the 75 and Iran, in executed been have people 250 2001, of December 13 resolution our Since
replaced. or improved candidate being for a very much is cages battery of system present The
found. be can problem this of causes the where and problem existing an enough of proof is already Europe in situation environmental the that I think
enterprises. medium-sized and small of the development ensure to as so in Europe, certainty far greater of environment an create order to in simplify deregulating without - conditions crisis the given especially - absolutely must we but today, sensitive is extremely that an issue is This
resources. sustainable on policy EU of impact the external on integrated and approach policy an on emphasis the welcome I
Of civil from coming ideas to open is the Convention we know, as course, society.
2 No Amendment Regarding
preserved. be must countries the ACP in partners our of sovereignty decision-making the that believe we power; colonial of a behaviour and style the reflect that negotiations want not do this: we clear quite about be me Let
So of comfort and safety well-being, the improve it can that so airports, in checks safety hygiene of the over control better have Union to European the like would I passengers.
consequences. the from most risk those at action and military or targets any possible to countries nearest those with cooperation maintain to initiatives political and diplomatic for major need clear a is There
bust? went then firm Swedish the and Sweden, out to contracted system was security social of Finland's administration whole the example, if, for people feel would How
past. the of experience the from isolation in so do we cannot motion, inquiry in this set though, If, we
Our and rights of human principles the on founded are treaties fairness.
clear. make records the little, as very did responsibility, that meet to came the time when who, and responsibility great very a who bore your predecessors, well as as whole, a Commission as the but personally, you addressing not am I
attractive. more railways the makes rights minimum passengers granting end, the In
importance major of subjects and urgent topical on debate the is next item The
problem. a different raised have You
transparency. and administration good of principles endorsing the we are Secondly,
excellent. is report The Azzolini
it. of critical somewhat am I is why That
acts. many irresponsible by accompanied are irregularities These
con. labelling is report, a the like document, present the Commissioner, President, Mr
research. for the forum is which education, university especially education, needs is European Union the that economic regeneration and sustainable economy this of element central fourth The
I this of aspects some of wary at be first will sector the that aware well am approach.
covered. being not content digital of result detriment a as suffering consumers the of the extent and problem the of scope the determine to order in study a out carry will Commission the end, this To
testing. animal to alternative no there is which in cases in used, not but be to methods alternative allow to is do to trying are amendment this tabled who Members fellow my and I what Consequently,
EU. the of membership is problem the biggest fleet, fishing the British For
of employees. further groups include to directive working time 1993 the extend to out sets report This
package. telecoms the for the rapporteurs of one as defended myself I proposals that the or on Mrs Toia, colleague, my report by own-initiative the on it be Parliament, Commissioner, our by adopted positions the all in thread common is This a
state. constituted a legally of worthy is that process a way of by done be to has this repatriated, but be illegally should have entered who nationals Third-country
Traffic example an is here.
components. different its between solidarity and partnership trust, dialogue, without prosper and survive can collectivity as no success, their of factor a decisive also is it end the In
parties. other and Al-Fatah for 213 000 and Hamas voted for people 235 000 divided: are us, like Palestinians, the Basically,
contend. all must we reality which with a is globalisation and interdependence greater economic towards trend The
point. important another been would have protection Data
Commission. interim an effective appoint and to Parliament to listen to the Council of failure the of because view, my in arises, the problem act, to authority political and moral its has lost that Commission an interim with now problem a is there If
funds. hedge of area than the EU the in regulated more already far is derivatives trade in as report, single a in and – derivatives funds – hedge topics two these link to decision odd slightly notwithstanding the report, informative and balanced very a him on I congratulate
Minutes : see delegations and committees of Composition
proposal. a requested has that State Member no is said, there as I and, proposals such forward put must cases, particular in that, the Commission is It
future. in the debate this to listen will hope they I
steps. necessary the to take therefore, responsibility, is our It
We into integration positive their encourage also but need, they the medication receive infection with living are who those that ensure only not and must taboos social dismantle society.
a science. inexact too share is market assessing by solely market power deciding but appropriate, be may proposes the Commission what purposes these For
on If burden the for reducing ambitions our to study and SLIM the first of ambitions the to compared meagre more when are even which results, the to proportional inversely certainly be would it 1997, since done been has that work the of cost the to estimate had I firms.
region. the of problems solve the to adopted be to are measures see what order to in concerned organizations other and governments and region the of governments the with contact close maintain and establish will He
1999/0244(COD)) - C5­0016/2000 594 - (COM(1999) products of tobacco sale and presentation manufacture, concerning the States Member the provisions of administrative and regulations laws, the approximation of the on directive Council Parliament and European a for Proposal the on Policy, Consumer Health and Public Environment, the on Committee the of behalf on Maaten, (A5-0156/2000) Mr by Report
this? behind reality the What is
venture Here also but research in just not investment need we capital.
lives! daily small medium-sized and their in it use to have to they going are even though medium-sized, or small anything for created not was euro the natural, because is That
made. be to needs that distinction think I
sterility. it to condemning is policies, foreign against national CFSP the Setting
elements. negative two level-headedly examine must we addition, however, In
We fellow million 330 stability to price deliver to independent are citizens.
Mr are accords these where result balanced a reach to conscientious attempt a made has Council the opinion my in President, concerned.
waste. of disposal, not recovery, represents waste from energy that clear indisputably it Directive, making the 'recovery' under definition of maximising the favour strongly very I that could say I note, related a On
up. set being is which committee advisory the in be represented should aid, such for countries qualifying the in environment the to protect working are which south, and north from organizations non-government these that and involved be peoples should local that emphasize like to should I Members, other by and Environment on the Committee the of behalf on Pimenta by Mr both been raised already go have into might I questions other Since
repercussions. mainly regional serious, have would force of show A broad
approach. with this pursuing are we sustainability, which is aspect new second The
Council. the to a message sending also are Yet we
matters. in trade European Parliament the involves which Agreement Interinstitutional an on work to urge you strongly I
process. on-going this of part form should Rights Fundamental of Charter s EU' the that and Summit Nice the following progress must treaties the reviewing on work the is that departure point of Our
apply. effectively does this that I hope
OECD. the with EU's cooperation the for unforeseeable consequences have will proposal the Fourthly,
Müller. Mrs by request the on vote to House allow the to flexibility and some show President, to Mr urge you, would I
minorities. treats its it how but majority its treats it by not how judged is society civilised Any
States. of Member majority the of the participation for requirement the altering support who by even those questioned been has Member States eight of limit the However, cooperation. closer launching European when Council to the recourse the eliminating detected towards been has openness certain a Commission, the by particular in supported as more flexible, model existing the making to regard With
From ruling. of Court the by created loophole legal a plug to manages it that given basis, solid very a has Commission proposal the view, point of legal the Justice
relevant amendment. the support will Commission and the Parliament, your by account into taken been harmonisation has This
is problematic. state the functioning of proper the for framework the However,
Madam Guinea. in situation rights human regarding the expressed have you that concern the shares Commission The President, Equatorial
about. length such at talked we have which Spain, from case IRELA the applies question to same the And
We May this in debate a major hold to plan session'.
disasters'. 'major of category the came under third approximately one these, Of countries. different 21 support from financial requests for 62 Commission received the the ESF, of years six first the Over
Let Grossetête's Mrs on briefly comment me report.
economy. the leading as upon be we looked will the future, in that so together proceed can we so action take and to that, demonstrate to Commission the of responsibility is the it and here lack have a do We
progressed. have matters as increased rather than fallen have aid for required is what estimates the of that extent to the encouraging have been required is what of estimates of the results now the to Up
safe? not are which those countries from come that information of sources for the protection adequate we provide How can
in contact. stay us Let
October. in Commission European the by proposed to be change fundamental the namely elements, these of to one to refer should like I
accordingly. act have to will Parliament this it because receive to like would I
13. Amendment adopt must we prevented, to be this is If
responsibilities. our fulfilling not for action, taking not for the Court before taken with being threatened is Commission the pending, lawsuits have we Maes, Mrs meanwhile, but further discuss it to invitation your accept to be happy shall I and Wogau, von Mr that, you do suggest I
death. with punish homosexuals - still Mauritania Nigeria, northern - Sudan, them of some but laws, different have very countries remaining The
standards. and specific details contain the also which will proposals legislative and regulatory further to the forward look then will We
companies. our in role a useful play to them enable to needed not is this IT specialist, an or a nurse case of In the
. an reflects nor good neighbourliness neither is surely This
Chinese their from often directly deducted are food costs and accommodation their and day per hours 12 and 10 between work workers wages.
Hungarian. in mass priest week says a and a hours 3 for language foreign a as taught is Slovak village, Hungarian the in school Slovak In a
However, such for the need of justification and comprehensive clear a of submission on only permissible be to posts new of creation the considers Group posts. PPE-DE the
interests. other's each of accommodation fair without flourish cannot peace and others, of the rights for without respect develop cannot Freedom
time. good a at come has just said, has which, someone as report, first-rate his on Mr Veltroni congratulate only can I say, Needless to
capital. also the but areas rural isolated only not murder, affecting after murder report television and the radio Newspapers,
rules. competition its in aspirations and their rights their recognise fully will Europe that workplace open the in job a attain otherwise to are unable who people disabled many and those this reassure Parliament will Commissioner the hope I Tonight
The a find to duty has a Union European compromise.
2015. by sustainable yield maximum to achieve obligation our with compared be should This
Council. the in out pointed has others, among Sweden, that something is this which proposal, for legal basis the mark regarding question also a is there addition, In
competitions. hold major to are unable countries who smaller some doubt no are there that out point to also like should I issue, competition the stressing I am Although
unconventional. similarly was ante plans ex of assessment The
governance. for effective ourselves setting we are that objectives the force behind driving major be a could pact - social namely the - social agreement crisis; economic serious a after change, and renewal of period this in now, and weakness of periods in be, came to first when it strong Europe made agreement social and dialogue Social
years. two past the over lost been jobs 000 have 350 earlier, Wortmann-Kool Mrs stated by As
suggested. are time periods reasonable and specific if flexible be prepared to is Commission the timetable, to the Returning
moment: competitiveness. about the at concerned – obsessively rather and – rightly quite Europe are offices throughout government that subject the do with to has which reason, important more even another yet is There
legal basis. solid more a text with a with it replace to order in directive 1986 watered-down repealing the proposed finally it when October 2008, until persuading up of deal a great needed Commission the reminders, numerous of spite In
Iraq. East North in town a on weapons chemical dropped he month, next years ago Ten
quickly. very running out are fuels fossil know, we as and, thought forbidding is which a supplies, ever-diminishing for US the with directly competing be will they Eventually
1995. in than 2004 in less 12.4% was cars by consumption average the that 'success' is only The
disease. cow mad on - negative very considered be we to which - statement Commission's the on vote a refused we were effect In
industry. our for hurdles up additional can set how we are considering we here and collapsing, is Europe in performance Economic
precedent. dangerous a create however, This does,
orders. their marching given been now businesses have 000 3 of total a But
is zero. total the sum where game not a is growth President, Madam –   
Representative. Civilian the International office of the and mission civilian ESDP support the to 2008 in effort financial significant a have make to to likely are we region, that in Kosovo, In
Titley flagged. Mr which point the to brings us this And
July. presented last we one the follow-up to a as service external the of further on developments Parliament to communication its finalising now is Commission the as timely also are documents these All
It a criminal such establishment of the frustrate way, underhand an in could, Syrian that think to give cause people that rumours the to a stop to put all, and, above deadlock break the to possible it contrary, make the on would, affairs, Lebanese in interference an being from far position, a such adopting Syria's knowledge that is common tribunal.
messages. transmit to public the of right the agreement copyright in their recognizes Property Organization, WIPO, Intellectual the World that achievement essential an is it goes, people the for society information the of development the as far As
development. regional and digital the is divide the speakers, all by up brought rightly quite was which theme, recurrent Another
context. this in central is coherence of The question
role? Europe's Council of the is What
questions. the to link glad am I
policy. social on Paper the Green and Paper White the out set in as monitoring, of question in the greater extent a far to involved be should organizations non-governmental all, Above
I EU future some conclusion of visit and the after until Sahara in Western situation rights human the on this motion aside set to Presidents of Conference the and Parliament of President by the attempts of rejection absolute my clear quite make want to delegation.
Treaty. Test Ban Nuclear Comprehensive the to ratify Senate American the of failure the at regret deep their they expressed leaders when EU the issued by statement the with fully agree I
revision. complete a undergoing been spring has last on was that decided about – spoken just have jobs I and growth for strategy – the Lisbon Strategy the aware, is he as however, meanwhile, the In
Africa. to East Middle the from Asia, to Europe continent, from every about just on been, have or deployed operations are, military and civilian 20 more than mentioned, been has As
you. with it discuss to year a than less in time the third for here am I and important dossier, an is this that view your I share
them. will learn we Well,
There aired been indeed have which this, about doubts many very are there is, that though understandable basically and, projects, than rather support budgetary direct for opt Union to European the in increasing tendency an is today.
proposals. political theoretical and view of of the point from involved also is Commission The
health. to threat a not is ISA is that evidence scientific available earlier, the pointed out I As
exclusion? of social question tragic the to with deal fail also we and if problem with this deal to fail we citizens if of Europe a to be close to claim fact in we Can
low side. the on be well services may energy and efficiency end-use the on directive in over years nine target reduction consumption 9% the prices, energy high of times these in that out point You rightly
discharge. grant to agree should we background, this against why, reason no is There
waste. electronic electrical and for responsible cent per hundred become one manufacturers will the moreover: goal, our achieved shall have we Tomorrow,
been completed. have should which projects old to and programmes old to but projects, new and to programmes new to not period, programming this of beginning the at priority, gave States Member example, the For
Charter. UN the in enshrined principles the with conformity in and Assembly General UN the resolutions of relevant with the accordance in people, Timorese East the of rights the respects fully which solution internationally comprehensive acceptable and fair, a through East Timor of question the resolving to contribute these UN may framework; the in undertaken the initiatives support to continues Union European the 1996, 25 June of position common its in out objectives set pursuance the in of Mr Apolinário, President, Mr
enough. already done have we whether know not do also we therefore and last will the long crisis how know not do we addition, In
report. the favour of voted in therefore and have agreement an such of favour in am I
reform. additions that to necessary implementing the consistent in be will commitment, great with reform administrative the implemented and launched which Commission, the that assure you me Let
industry. and ESA the Commission, with the increase contacts to are continuing Force Task space-travel and the travel space on Intergroup the systems, while on navigation communication a for waiting are we and Parliament again subjects in these discuss to waiting are We
young. so was victim the that fact the particular, and, in event, this condemned I which in European Parliament, the of President the by a statement - matter this concerning statement special a I issued morning, yesterday Members that inform to would like I
opportunities. equal promoting initiatives on Community of impact the and Funds Structural to access both women's assess to us which allow data contain accurate not does and regionally based is that presentation this disappointed is committee our However,
liberal inspiration. or socialist from derived emphasis chiefly this Previously,
changed. be needs to nothing that and thing good a is globalisation that York, New Forum in Economic World at Systems the Micro Sun of President the like believe, to prefer and them disregard can obviously We
fundamentalism. Islamic of growth the encourage ultimately that would error an be would that War, Cold the during Europe protect to deal a great did which country, to doors this the close to were If we
Here with deal both reports and consequences, adverse it with brings movement of freedom alas, this there, and this.
2012. after strategy Union's European the on recommendations initial the Commission's contains Parliament, European the to addressed also is communication, which This change'. climate against global the battle 'Winning entitled its communication approved Commission the February, 9 On
Albania. rebuilding democracy in towards stage first the only is of Albania forces political the by also observers but the international by only not acceptable to be recognized were and place took elections the that fact the But
alternatives. hazardous less by replaced be can that hazardous for chemicals principle substitution strong a have to important is It
situation. energy our balance to gas northern get this to order in measures swift take the Commission propose that I Commission, the of Member Honourable
process. restructuring the in are involved that parties all for incentives strong create to balanced measures are proposed The
continues. killing while the receive support cannot terror for apologists political the and lives, Israeli in toll unbearable taken an bombings have Suicide
However, business its of improvement the organised and crime, and corruption against fight the system, justice of the reform including the law, rule of the administration, public of reform the areas: following the in efforts, particularly make further to needs country the environment.
sanctions. criminal to subject are condemnation social the greatest arouse that acts the Union, the States of all Member in since, perspective into put be must criminality problem dual The
it. on energy and time more spend us to requiring discharge, discussing us when on higher places demands also It
(p.m.). entry token a using included therefore be will line budget This new
search. police a of subject the was Russia, 20th-century of past painful on working NGOs the the of prestigious and most oldest the of one Memorial, December, of beginning the At
In being are - GMOs on debate the and dioxins disease, cow mad - Kyoto Protocol the issues of the ecologists, to the be left which should protection of environmental concept the overusing without s inhabitants, world' the reassure and climate the to stabilise order paraded.
couples. heterosexual of capacities educational the and generations of succession to the fundamental is Rights, Human Declaration of Universal the 16 of Article by recognised as concept, this of The significance
Government. UK the in office remain in culprits real when the Commission the censure to threatening be not should Parliament Our
employment. full towards working continue to States the guidance Member for provide and framework right the States, create will Member the in creation job micromanage to able being not although forward, put have we which policies European the and continue will process this financial the sector, disturbances in the despite that, believe We
regime. the concerning future uncertainty and transition of phase long of this the end reach can we soon very that hope the express let me Finally,
acceptable. is Commission the from heard just have that I refusal the that think do not I and efforts, focus to proposal its to relating actual costs the as provide to to information needs Commission the reason, that For
passenger data. communicate to of carriers obligation on the directive Council a of the adoption to view a with Spain of Kingdom of the the on initiative Affairs, and Home Justice Rights, Freedoms and Citizens’ on Committee the of behalf on Mr Schmitt, by (A5-0211/2004) report is the item next The   
Commission transport road the burdens in administrative in increase an avoiding time the same at while workers of protection social the guarantee to words other in result, required the achieve way to best the consider will The sector.
In protection environmental long-term a is also it time, same the at but activity, introduced newly may a be accumulators and batteries spent of collection Hungary, the as such States, Member some    investment.
2008. March elections in fair and honest in result should this and Zimbabwe, in the opposition majority and the between agreement major a on working and in inspiring generating, likely engaged most is now country that Moreover,
There of sake the for entirely necessary is situation the current change in a where and be, could future the of jobs the think I which in areas main four are sustainability.
production. of true level the reference to with but always implemented, should be agreed already cut-back the that absolutely, deeming it respected has Commission the agreement, of the finalisation the Since
different. somewhat are views think my I subsidiarity, As regards
hold. to had they referendum the second in their changing vote into people Irish the blackmailing pressurising and of process whole that after Treaty, Lisbon the force of entry into the made, particularly were changes institutional significant that Swedish Presidency during the was it that fact a is It
not worked. have but year this earlier were introduced appreciate, we which import prices, Minimum
(Applause)
poor. of the resources natural misuse the to right the buying is EU the that means still policy current fisheries efforts, some sound of spite    In
districts. of a number re-run in be they that recommended and elections criticized the severely them on report A
them. of asked being is too much that will feel contributors so-called net some finance, on limits without upper Moreover,
unemployed. unfortunately 25, are of age the under young people Europe, pick of that is downside The
dimensions. social but genuine, 'experimental' have not does which the problem dealing with of new for way a calls which something medicine, so-called non-conventional of branches certain by offered methods and services the of use Union European make the of States Member most population in the of section large a important aspect, most is the this perhaps and time, same the At
extraction. sources their for alternative for searching on be focused efforts to our for and materials of raw these exports increasing on China of Republic the People's with dialogue for call would I into them, research for the need and States Member EU the industry in by elements rare earth of exploitation for need unquestionable the with connection In
plundered. be will that policy cohesion the or CAP be will it whether on debates stormy seeing already are We
of this. to all contribution a make must Roma The
cooperation. regional long-lasting and of means effective by so do to and resources natural many with endowed region vast this of well-being the general to ensure is designed It
women. violence against on campaign 1999 the financing at aimed also these are appropriations included: comment be following the that request I President, Madam
standstill. a to almost brought having been income, of source main country's the with tourism, end, an to of coming sign shows and no far lives so 10 000 claimed has war civil The
Commission proposal. the committee from crisis retain the to wish I rapporteur, the unlike Indeed,
civilisation. of basis the is freedom religious gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr (IT)
problem. the main lies Therein
European Parliament. the in represented be not thus will and all, at up not show will voters of class certain A
grow. to an opportunity micro-enterprises give will and sums low investments of will facilitate proposal The
negotiations. the in high its sights set and voice one with speak must Europe so and succeed, to summit has climate change the President, Mr (NL)
indivisible. is Freedom
follow. can nations and countries plan that these a have to is it important and how foresight have to is it important how vision, a clear have to Europe Eastern and Central of nations the for is important it how understand I
play? of current state is the what crisis, gas the Concerning
I used be will assessment leeway for the that which indicate taken been already have decisions preliminary of number out a that point would responsibly.
noon. tomorrow at place take will vote The
moment. a in on this account an extensive give us Nielson Commissioner hear to like should I
will. political fraud is this tackling ingredient in crucial most the However,
thoughts. people's from far never was rights, human democracy and relationship with difficult and landscape, its political Federation's Russian the because debate a troubled was It
Climate particularly priority, top absolute our be must really now. protection
perspective. the financial of 5 Category in this see to We hope
internal market. the of organisation the of principle abstract the with accordance in of instead needs practical of more the basis on border regions and States Member between developed however, be should, and can This
discussion. policy of areas possible two refer to to would like I
sophisticated. more becoming and changing constantly is threat the terror where world a in live we challenge, but is major a radicalisation Tackling
matter. this on jurisdiction of lack Union's European the behind often hiding in perception, Commissioner Barrot's not do share I
The greenhouse reduce to efforts all its in Commission the supports Group Liberal gases.
The of compulsory distillation the of that third is the and vineyards, upgrading for aid restructuring of that is second the aids, grubbing of is that issue by-products. first
the Treaties! of Guardian the is that Commission the It is
levels. dioxide carbon higher on blamed is which temperature, atmospheric in mean supposed increase the about be can we than molecules ozone on effects have destructive about talking are we that gases the that more be certain definitely can we case, In any
moment. the have at we what on improve and forward move to us allows up, drawn is as it regulation, The
set aside. and farming arable large scale aid for of eligibility the regards as flexibility of deal great a producers give the to initiative taken already has Commission the concerned, is agricultural policy far as As
There persons the to accessible and responsive transparent, system more that making view to a with diplomas, academic and qualifications of professional recognition the itself for system the Community of potential maximising the and States Member the of systems legal the governing provisions different Community the purpose embracing of the for promote resources and control to effective measures establishing to view with a – consultation of case the in example, for required happened, as – action is effective principle, of statement any above and over believe, myself I and Petitions for Committee the as and, resolved must be that problems and matters certain outstanding repeat, I however, are, concerned.
While of development social and economic the beset all industry domestic its of the weakness and foreign-owned companies on dependence country's the sector, agricultural its of importance the density, population low its island and the situation of the peripheral from notably arising problems various that forget not must we economic policy, national consistent and rigorous of a a and application steady tourism for potential significant population, and active young a as such assets key has several economy Irish the that undeniable is it Ireland.
Council. Thessaloniki the of desires the required achieve determination to the show to need we on, now From
way forward. only the therefore is policy of energy reorientation The
Certainly, climate of area the agreement on an reaching and cooperating in us is with its cooperation demonstrate Russia can which on issue important very a however, change.
OK? that Is
tariff. maximum observe a to or charge of free notes exchange means, to regulatory by change, de bureaux and banks compel to powers legislative necessary the have not does that Commission the understood be must Secondly, it
tradition. good a very in so doing will be we tomorrow, vehicles heavy-duty for VI Euro adopt if we President, Mr - (DE) Group. ALDE the behalf of on
Assembly. Joint ACP-EU the but in also Cooperation, and Development on Committee the in only co-operation, not development of Parliament Europe the in of experience our years of mirror image the Party, is People's European the of Group the for constant support the has who Martens, Mr leader, group our report by the President, Mr
justice. to it subjected finally power, of kind tamed this have we finally that knowledge the in safe are we years later hundred One
right? what so, by if and, transferred the passengers on data Were
However, never I and itself, end in an is rigour that agree do not I will.
abortion. concerning decision possible a facing someone upon pressure put to argument distorted utilitarian use a to possible be to not is it if important position an is That
situation. that remedy to how namely, divergences, partial there are where point one unsatisfactory; is and situation deeply present the that namely, us, among agreement full is believe I there which on point one to identify opportunity the with me provide They
dumping. ecological concept or organic of new a to dumping of production low cost the against instruments defence trade of reforms consensual propose inability to my from moving of Schlyter's proposal Mr friend my away straight embrace to ambitious sufficiently not however, I am,
safety. food and quality world, jeopardising the of regions regulated to less production food more drive will we agriculture, our in pesticides use of controlled Without
people. of the movement free regarding legal situation the uncertain given the problems, all solve shall we that guarantee cannot but I possible, as it in raised problems the of many as resolve to seek will Commission that the House this like reassure to should I and this report again for once Cashman Mr thank to wish I
programme. additional cull which an is of one satisfied, be must conditions preliminary first, the follows: as are conclusions Florence The
reading. first reached at be therefore will Council the and Mr Schwab agreement Parliament, between an it that and prepared for well was Presidency Czech the that delighted am I and legislation integrated example of excellent an is regulation This
As present the into provision this incorporate to chose we States, Member the as same rules by the bound be institutions Community should the that anxious were we regulation.
states. member other to in rise give will China offensive in new French this which temptations imagine the can One
article. relevant the within point another at wording different use could we Alternatively,
income. considerable with it provides agencies betting state of system existing the as long so sport amateur of the funding for be problematic will market gaming lotteries and the deregulation of possible the that agree all on Culture the Committee We in
regions. outermost the areas and less-favoured in farmers young support farms and family traditional preserve to essential is it that states 18 paragraph Again, regions. farming of different types the to according differing measures of range for a calls 17 Paragraph
When paragraph in States model' 'United the and F recital in Kingdom United countries, the two to references removed we Committee the this in report for voted we 12.
continent. our across us now unite that values the are for they died The values
Furthermore, certain a from inspection monitoring and of form a and age maximum a establish also must we and monitored, closely be must problems which other have which tankers, oil these of ageing analysing the and monitoring are we age.
January. 1 as since time short a in such place taken events dramatic many and made so been decisions important so many have European integration of history the in before gentlemen, never and ladies President, Mr
Sport. through of Education Year the for climax fitting be a would That
source. its from product a of movement the trace to them enabling information other and manufacture of lots, dates the especially on information, complete factual and with consumers providing of my opinion, in importance, the highlight increasing would I Nonetheless,
that. for money the have not do we possible, because not That is
Do Commissioner so, think not you Flynn?
disabilities. with people of situation everyday the approach to new a taking public general the on all, above but, overcome, being transport, and areas public enclosing barriers physical as the obstacles, such traditional on only not will disabilities depend people with integrating practically of issue the that convinced am I However,
you. for up follow it to try we and will details relevant the with office supply my to you ask would I   
The absolute - characteristic another had Union Soviet centralisation.
considered. be to going is that issue an that is and feed fats ruminant from removal animal of the for come had time the perhaps that expressed was view a in addition but with, familiar all are we that manner the in cooked to pressure be will have that fat ruminant fact the to refer conclusions The
Member States. the out shared between be to have and slight extremely are campaign information the for resources the that forget not we But should
life. continuing throughout and stage early an from and learning education proper involves caring also consciousness environmentally an creating issue: a market-based not just is lifestyles friendly environmentally adopt citizens making that fact forget the never should one Of course,
The of initiative this transpose up and take you if us will thank day, the of end the at and, Members new office as up taking those even us, of expect this Europe of citizens mine.
whole. a as protecting Europe in and piracy preventing in research, in investment boosting in market, internal EU’s the within barriers removing in crucial role a play would as these on patents, up-to-date rules and clear needs common, Europe that my belief is  –  It   
(A5-0210/2000) report Quecedo Galeote
sectors. these in both directive new the shaping in role fundamental a play will Parliament trust I that
Moorhouse. Mr much, you very Thank
must act. Union the European and grave is situation The
I Chernobyl the following especially citizens, Romanian for concern of permanent source a been has Power Plant Nuclear the Kozloduy that said, been already either, has as fact the hide to not going am accident.
However, of capital liberalisation increasing the perpetuating way of a as system, financial international the collapse the of to lead might that situations of the occurrence prevent and speculation financial of consequences the minimise to aim that palliative measures with patient the cure possible to not is that it clear be to important is it movements.
war. a in wounded or killed are who those number of the is comparable to Union European the of States Member the of the roads on year sacrificed every are that injured and of dead number The
identity. European a develop and to ambition common a around united to be allows Europe indicated, that have you as tool, a also Space is
is to decades the of challenges economic social and the biggest of one be will them for pay we how and pensions debate, because pensions the in part active an is taking Parliament that good come. It
8.05 p.m.) at closed was sitting (The
international level. at cooperation requires It
recent years. over funds release considerable to able been have we - that about no mistake be there let - policy buildings clever a to thanks that, well full Dell'Alba knows Mr
months. coming the over together constructively work can we and that your dialogue help, your on count can we hope that fervently therefore We
well. very know all we Europe in which path, dangerous very a on step first the is people nation its or country, the of and criticism government the of confusion between criticism the that and true is said he what of part first the only that and Italy, government his against being and criticising of Group my accused has who Mr Tajani, to say to like should I President, Mr
it. to combat again here am I and women, against violence denounce to been has it Parliament, spoken in have I occasions that most on President, Mr
drive. entrepreneurial their destroy will actually directive new the in Including them
energy Increasing on external dependence increasing European Union's reduce the and jobs create emissions, CO2 reducing of objective the achieve to Union European the means for effective most the is efficiency energy suppliers.
women. are - % 80 over - whom of most do it, to obliged who are people the of the satisfy requirements not does work part-time generally speaking, that, means This most common. is the type first the Obviously,
possible. as quickly as action take must that we believe I spills, substance toxic by these posed danger situation the and the of the gravity of view In
Women is in employment women of number the and ever than mobile more and better educated are today rising.
remain. leave to of granting automatic by followed mini-detention or legalisations mass with of millions illegals have further attracted States Member some past, the In
peoples. European free of community the to returned also has country this until standards, European with accordance in of law rule the and namely democracy enjoy, things we the of actual possession in is country this until so from doing cease not we will period, and very a short within time second a country this to attention turn our we that right consider it therefore I
activities. and ideas, interests common with people are there but because time election struggle at competitive of a organisation the require state a of structures the because emerge not do parties Real
allocate. and out sort to groups political the for matter a clearly is that is concerned, time as speaking far So
reading. first at agreed we what of to us deprive Council the allow not do we second reading at that ensure to is task Our
rights. respecting civil hand, other on the and, crime serious and terrorism from people protecting between necessary is believe we that balance the striking part of is This
period? this interim during rules own its apply to continue may Sweden consider that the Commission Does
voting. therefore from abstained have I and report, the in lacking is aspect fundamental - it see I as - This
helpful. very is that President, (DE) Mr
Union. European the Council and European the in policy-making trade legitimate and more transparent for demands Parliament's the future, in support will and past, the in supported has it that say today presidency hear the delighted to was I
markets.    their opened have countries that – UK the and Sweden Ireland, in businesses competitiveness of and profitability improved the identifies workers of movement free on the report This . labour
employment. and work of spheres the outside legislation anti-discrimination of adoption the include also may which discrimination, combat to strategy its future on consultation public a 2004, early in hold, intends to Commission Furthermore, the
on. immigration head of problem the tackle themselves to it upon took Government and State of Heads the worthy - very identity their of dispossessed being are who citizens the European exasperation of the than more nothing is which - populism call they what at Filled panic with
The social Union's the strengthen to nothing will do budget, year's draft next like constitution, dimension.
effective instrument. an need we Secondly,
the to Commissioners new the for challenges and significant issues are there represent, which I nation the Scotland, of viewpoint From address.
mandate. the to proper duties the performing Member from that measure prevents which other any or remand or detention of form any immune from should be Member the passed, sentence is a final until that, considering while Severin, Adrian of immunity parliamentary the waive should Parliament the European that recommends immunity, Member's the waiving against and for reasons the examined having Affairs, Legal on The - writing. Committee in
no. or yes say only Parliament can
borders. at internal checks of lack the for compensate to is - times many said already have as I EIS - the of purpose main the because connection a such reason making any for is there nor my opinion, in and, link for this given reason any sound is point no At
requires. properly Europe to integration its that circumstances peaceful and stability requisite the establish to it for problem particular is a and it vulnerable border from extremely suffers an appreciate, we as Turkey,
Gibraltar. situation of particular the of mention no made which European the Parliament, by up drawn project a of basis on the Economic Community, European the up setting Treaty the of 3, paragraph 138, article of basis the adopted on was The Act 1976
the House. in here accordingly point that should emphasize we and unprecedented, believe, is, I Santer Mr by suggested Pact Employment the of for substance the support, consensus with broad a proposal, up with come have we and that here consideration under is strategy this that very fact the But
We this in makes it progress the presidency by this judge will field.
everything. changes that cent per one is it but of agriculture, one cent per only is It
1998. November of 18 Parliament European to the the Council letter from a in are explained happy, be not may you which about participation, this for conditions specific The
measures. and oppressive policing their intensify to order in refugees the of drama the exploit to unacceptable ways in try rights to human 'sensitive' Member States 'well-governed' while conditions, the inhuman most under of transport Kurds illegal the continue attitude will Turkey's tolerant by favoured groups criminal intransigence, Turkey's back to continue interests oil-related political, and major economic long as So
intentions. your in or actions your in already announced, have you what in across not come That does
single travellers. for supplements against campaign to UK the in group a pressure created has for example, constituents, Mrs McNally's of one that aware Commission is The
favour. vote in our Hence
Commission bureaucracy. foremost and first is underutilization this for The reason
framework. conference the set the because Commissioner this, on specifically comment not shall I
workers. the of exploitation intensive more for allow general which in conditions and costs lower with wage much countries to locate order to in Greece units in production down closed have which multinationals, other decisions by of similar top on multinational comes this by decision The
Community citizen. status of the arising from rights of use the for guaranteeing formula functional a provides authority and excessive arising from risks the for limiting premise main the remains countries all in documents of issue the for systems of The interoperability
continent. the leaving industries are high-tech the even Today,
gas. demon as a atmosphere, the of constituent a natural CO2, cast has theory global warming The
take. and give is there conducted, properly are if President, negotiations Mr
city? a in mobility urban is Third 'What Estate: the Sieyès on by saying famous the paraphrase To
risk. real a there is So
Union. the objectives of remain that areas two cohesion, territorial and and employment social for consequences unfavourable has clearly it way, under is liberalisation which this in as Sweden, such In countries
Inhabitants in cases can be areas and peripheral border scarcely-populated and mountainous and islands of point.
2020. years and 2000 the between some 50% of growth of currently is talk The
.
country. native their of structures the reintegrated into more easily be could there and from - spot the on but support, with our - homeland their near were assembled people of millions when Afghanistan, the war in during Pakistan or in Cambodia, in war the of time the at Thailand in way exemplary an in was done as basis, regional a on controlled be can Refugee flows
the Atlantic. across republic great the by assisted themselves, parties the with is role The
embargo. the lift to expecting us are States the United even that appears It
choices. policy anti-labour of the application up step to opportunity an capital given has time, it same At the
point. discussion a also is budget the term The of
More longer no is same the of enough.
sacrifice. great at communism, face of the in hemisphere the Western in peace preserving to states contributed Union European and NATO many that fact the with not connected question is the described in is period as post-war the in independent and free so remained Sweden that fact the whether ask to should like I but for freedom, people's desire Swedish the for respect great I have President, Mr
peace The and international to contribute can parties the between cooperation concern where interest and mutual issues of on contact for framework a provides This Turkey. and European Union between the dialogue political for arrangements enhanced introduction of the by accompanied been has Union Customs of the force into entry stability.
mental health. and physical affect demonstrably which determinants addressing health on based primarily be but cannot prevention Disease
effort. of duplication unnecessary involve an and moreover, pointless, be would – excellent work already doing are bodies UN various and OSCE the Council, the European which in area – an area human rights the in awareness raising on do work to and recommendations and opinions issue to body EU a further up Setting
population. the country's needs of the of detriment to the and needs own their to according governments break and companies make These
circumstances. any under it in participate to businesses and medium-sized small persuade to able be not will we Otherwise possible. unbureaucratic as and flexible as scheme this is that important is It
I session the declare open.
years. many for on going been has on burden-sharing the debate well that very knows Member The
even more. your voice missed have risk personal great Syria at demonstrating in - still are and - were who citizens courageous the that believe I
rights. these upon maintaining restrictions or for introducing an excuse as used be way no in may latter the that and terrorism against fight the in observed fully be must Law of Rule the of principles and rights human that occasions these on clear made is It
reply. to your listen to staying not and now leaving forgiven for be to ask also to like would I
the speaker) off cut President (The
States. Member the non-aligned for respect lack of a demonstrates report Fernández-Albor the with connection in decision Parliament's European The
boost. given a be would EU the of whole the this way, In
outside city. from the load, car one of equivalent the up pick to cars hundred a It takes purpose created on been has structure irrational An
sober up. to taken are drunkards where centres of the of one out got man A
people. elderly of treatment dignified to referred ago, month held a to, I referred conference the and Alzheimer's, on conference was a there instance, For
institutions. European the and Union the European by excited not are still public the for need, we what is that and change, wind of them a with bring ideas with fresh people Many new
Union. this European in even critics unwelcome against arbitrary proceedings are there unfortunately And
Euro-Mediterranean agreements. on Commission the and Council the to questions oral on debate joint of the continuation the agenda the is on item The next
be made. can progress which aspects on are seen there that have we Channel, the of problem the to relation in this; on work must do we believe I
election. an in points of scoring cheap way a to downgraded be to allow it us to for too important reason, that for is, issue This
colleague. my by quoted one the than more positive is quote which biblical a with also end will I
transactions. financial on the tax and rates, interest with low loans of obtaining the facilitating debt into and European debt their portion a of turning deficits, their of some cover to States Member enable to issuance bond joint to refer both I
price. average international the than is higher tomatoes purchase to have which they price at the because producers to canned-tomato paid are subsidies Sometimes
exploited. being are beings human nature and that saying by finished speaker previous the President, Madam
Burma. from fleeing peoples terrorised indigenous the of protection like the Or
different. no is Today
draftsman main the practice as business and good democracy with improving, are we which society, information rights the in human of terms actual think in to time the now is particular, Trautmann in Mrs and Commissioners, Ministers, Madam President, (FI) - Energy. and Research Industry, on the Committee of opinion the of objectives.
are. already they than eurosceptic more far public the to make law likely is This
history. a 900-year has Portugal
problem. of the heart the is That
and Government. State of Heads the to through message get their trying to peaceful demonstrators by expressed also impotence and frustration a was born summit culture this of rooms closed the From
programme. joint the implementing in year last achieved trio in the partners our progress which significant the programme and the of informed been Parliament This has
odd. a little debate the to contributions three they should make that idea the found too I fact, actual In
place. in setting currently are ones we the specifically infrastructures, existing for the salve a just be however, not, These must programmes
presented: that was statement the accompanying memorandum the loud out read to temptation the resist cannot I job, excellent an really done have you that recognise and I while revision, a with confused any circumstances, be cannot, under which review, a offering of position your current of difficulty the I recognise although Commissioner, However,
the vote. to put be it that fair it is think I President, Madam
it. approach must we how is that and criminal act a client, is pimp or misery, as social and economic that Exploiting
years. five covers The EDF
respects. some in go further to proposal this have liked would I Commissioner knows, the As
today. advanced more probably are Bulgaria countries, Romania and 10 those of some to compared indeed, dissimilar; is not Bulgaria and Romania of preparedness of level the that see can we accession, to months prior fourteen countries 10 those of readiness degree of the we compare If
Gallery. Official the in seats their taken have who Japanese Diet, the from delegation a to welcome like should I gentlemen, and Ladies
not destruction. dysfunction if towards alarmingly sliding is which Bosnia, happening in be to seems That
compromise. this achieved have not would patience we extreme and her endurance Without
   mentioned been already as has important, is very directive water bathing the of revision the President, Mr here.
economies. their blow to considerable a be would this which to according analysis the with agree not we do applied and mechanism for graduation the having legislation our in conditions objective the meet therefore Rica and Costa Colombia
administrations. the amongst cooperation of spirit excellent an in effectively was taken time, action space of short a In
now. not but group, a of chairman as do can you sort of thing the is that Government; Head of lady certain a hug to urge the feel and our House representing be to are meant you when for example, difficult, be will it Sometimes,
resources. own includes framework that budgetary a propose also to and crisis economic the to linked problems effectively the more counter to order in headings expenditure the between flexibility ensure to is important therefore It
obtained. was votes of majority qualified provided a this, do to able was Council the only Previously,
confusion. cause can it result a as and lightly here rather it We use
reform. the continuing for basis good a is Mr Dess by The report
work. of our report the summary is gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr This,
transport. passenger road two on proposals the to briefly very turn now I
course. due in this addressing be shall we that sure am I interested and states particularly are the Baltic that know I
themselves. workers port of support have the not we do that particular in am concerned I However,
adaptability. of name in the of more have to need we which this 'flexibility' meant by is what Flynn Commissioner ask to like also would I
I of Rules the of 40(5) Rule pursuant to tabled , resolutions for five motions received have Procedure.
We 20% the reach to are if we investment need target.
illegally. people employing are more and employers more that proof is which falling, not is poverty in-work suffering from or poverty in people living number of The
initiatives. actions and propose and organised together, get come to have who themselves fishing communities local the foremost and first is it that deeply am convinced I
Treaty. Maastricht the under work the complete Commission will the term short In the
stations. police Egyptian in practiced torture denounce to the opportunity take this we token, same the By
it. with up very taken much was the Commission and Union European the for also important was Exhibition World Lisbon the because was This
stake. at States is Member our of co-existence The
exemption. or application for their the timetable emissions and standards IV and Stage IIIb Stage the to adjustment for need is any there whether will assess Commission the whereby 2007 review in a for provision a includes also it Importantly,
within companies. responsibilities risks and of sharing dynamic and flexible more a as understood innovation, organisational on emphasis greater place should industry Also,
protection. their for engines safe new, must they have why is that to drown; fishermen our want not We do
topic. market an important also but taxation, financial only not concerns because it issue a fundamental is topic today's think I gentlemen, and Commissioner, ladies President, (IT) Mr
lie. Europe’s borders where first deciding before enlargement further any to consider not reasonable be firstly, would, It
closed. is debate The
it. to objection any of absence the in is adopted, 90, Rule under act, this said that me, you deceive my ears President, unless Mr (DE)
Earlier budget. our external on presentation candid same the exactly European Parliament the gave I that hope I ministers, foreign to presentation that as as well year, this relations
well. as Energy and Trade, Research Industry, on External Committee the cooperation within constructive and positive the of appreciation my express like to would I
The region. throughout stability achieve relations to developing in means employ peaceful to and with Taiwan, trust mutual of atmosphere an to maintain China urge to ought therefore Union European the
subsidiarity. increased favour of in vote emphatic an is report this against A vote
2. Objective and 1 Objective for committees monitoring general the are which committees, monitoring 2 Objective and Objective has 1 URBAN
revisionist propaganda. spinning semi-military organisations, and military political, fascist-like of activities and existence the its territory on the future in suffer to never pledged Treaty Hungary this In
is. problem the what myself I so ask and stakeholders, the and industry the from came in feedback detailed very fact, in that, 2007 in the Commission by held the consultation in I read
at? debate is this Where
issue. this rush on the understand I course And of
point. this mentioned has already Ferber Mr
upholding. worth well is this Treaty short, In
efficiency. energy encourage suggestions to sensible, achievable sold, number of a contains which report, this on Hall Ms congratulate I President, Mr - writing. in
That preliminary just not and energy of field the in projects of co-funding the for time, provides first the for proposal, studies.
of justice. interests the as well efficiency as of interests the promoting thus be controlled, must They
Chamber. this very in Agenda the Lisbon of declaration the remember I well how President, Mr    .
general. women in affects market labour the uncertainty on The
Notwithstanding of sovereignty the undermine not does which a work way in and work, solution Kaliningrad the make still must we now, just Rovsing's remarks Mr Lithuania.
country. third a and Union European the between closest one the surely is transatlantic relationship the relationships, external Union's the all Of
We like looking is increasingly answer that the would argue I and humans, for food sustainable environmentally and a viable providing is itself aquaculture whether talking about be should 'no'.
element. second the is believe that I
Union. European of the foundation very the is which consensus social breaking the and Europe against workers firing entail policies which with along go not that do we means socialists European by reaction strong The
Gothenburg. achieve at to want we what of examples few a you just give Let me
and Commission, the to Group PSE the of behalf on Santos, Manuel Capoulas Luis by protection and consumer prices foodstuff rise the in concerning - B6-0377/2007) question oral an
previous programmes. the of 25 and then the 15 than rather States Member 27 across stretched be will resources its that predecessor, and immediate like its one five-year a not programme, seven-year a is this that not forget should we However,
years. few the next over discussions heated promises That
(Applause)
I anti-European and populist a has which Government, Dutch the to warning a issue to but plans, these oppose I not because regions, Dutch various to help Fund Adjustment Globalisation the European mobilising on reports Matera's Mrs of all on abstained policy.
Presidency. Austrian the under March 2006, in launched Europe was for policy an energy exaggeration, that any without say, to able be time will years’ 25 in or 20 integration European of history recounts the who person The
Mr the to questions specific very two put I Commission. President,
foreign policy. genuine a instituting for instruments the essential provide as to such procedures and institutions establishment of the to see determination its demonstrates It
fundamentalism. terrorism of and threats the to prone particularly consequently are fragile and still internally are States these because more the vital all is stability stressed, have speakers several As
already These are quality services cases, many and, in paramount port is the nature, where peripheral insular or an of are affected States Member the of regions certain that fact the with which deal and themselves, amongst coherent are amendments, which particular justify certain and clarifications, certain with directive this support me to allowed have that reasons are the provided.
policy. economic of coordination sensible the with do to little has relatively Pact Growth Stability and failed the with Persisting
people. the of and human dignity rights the on trampled more, what is and, identity their of them deprived have they their freedom, Tibetans the denied forcibly have Chinese the years, forty last the For
confidence. much inspire not does Afghanistan EUPOL in of track record the that say have to I development, although and reconstruction or post-conflict assistance humanitarian of field the in civil tasks and issues key certain on positions common will adopting mean part, this most the For
entrepreneurs. agricultural as active be to them for easier by it making agriculture in women of role the further to efforts political to given be to support also for important is It
competition. distorts That
Government. of Ireland Republic the by introduced rules draconian the facing be to now going They are
floor. given the being for grateful am I
care? do you what but traditions, culture our and for respect of lack a shows This
So its in it stop to able be hope, I Council will, the in someone that day, every are deluded we which proportionality, with and subsidiarity of principles violate the does it however, tracks. overtly,
year. this of end the to up Council the and this Parliament by work further on depend also will report the synthesis of The focus
Europe. beyond extends even sometimes scope whose events, cultural professional for and projects for large available however are Funds
'properly controlled'. are they that providing substitution, for the requirement from exempted be to continue will substances, carcinogenic chemicals, including Instead, many
Budget. for the legislating the body by at arrived estimates Budget the against expenditure over and revenue of recording the involves that it sense the in cash-based, by tradition, is, accounting Public sector
EU. the cooperation within Romania's prerequisite for a in fact is – forces political individual and executive of the independent is which a judiciary means which – judiciary an independent said: have fellow Members of my many what repeat only can I
finances. of public stabilisation the pursue to Firstly
stage. international the onto back bringing Europe are We
legislation. Community current omissions in the and of shortcomings the highlight Carrier Baltic the Sun and Ievoli the Erika, the accidents involving maritime report, the excellent his in stresses Sterckx Mr Commissioner, as President, Mr
straits. in dire is Greece industry in clothing textile and the President, Mr –   
secure. and is safe Union the that ensuring of objective, that a broader in factor one is terrorism Combating
box. blue the concerns question practical The other
violence. of spiral new prevent a to order in leadership and strength unprecedented show therefore must leadership Palestinian The
about. very concerned be all we must which matter a standards, safety in deterioration serious a lead to would also They
   helpful very excellent, an was That reply.
dead. legally Constitution is The
shameful. is really what is that alternatives; are there feasible where even market, therefore, the on circulate to continue will substances These
accident. an of case the in of injuries severity the reduce possible to it make they as are provisions essential Such
2.
place. in measures necessary the to put and reforms the with on press to Greece for is it now course, its and take to allowed must be process this in stage each But
Union. the European accession for to candidates are which countries to applying situation special the hand other the on and whole, a Europe as continent the of on network transport the concerning strategy the hand one the between on distinction clear a is there Europe, in transport infrastructure on policy in our gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr
policies. and our programmes for support continuous and valuable very their for Sifunakis Mr Chairman its and Education and on Culture Committee the to also the and rapporteur to gratitude my to repeat want I conclusion, In
time. of pressure under work to hard find it will Council Perhaps the
transport. of other modes for have currently we that those to coaches and buses of for set rights a similar place in have now will we because does, it Well, yes
That next for million ECU 12.5 us allows Council the means year.
areas). in various competences Community of increasing its aim contrary (note the to protests it however much as possible, far as States Member the of constitutions national the subordinate to would attempt instrument that legal a create to ambition the
institution. is one Council the of President the and one institution now Council is the of Lisbon, Treaty the Following
on. working be will it document or do, which will Council "Ecofin' the what know do not we is that result The
mainland. European the and islands between as well as islands, transport between maritime should include which Sea', of the 'Motorways particularly, the and, more networks trans-European such as policies on other decisions influence may passengers, which and goods of terms in both regions, outermost the with associated costs the of understanding greater enable a also would survey statistical This
political impact. major a them give to order May, in 2 of Council European the conclusions of in the include them able to being of the hope with governments, the to sent be will recommendations These
malformations. congenital and cancer from suffering children to see and saddened shocked we were Basra in hospital the at and Iraq, in were we week Last
accepted) were oral amendments (The
community. world of our security the in time, investing same the while, at rights civil our protecting of problem the underlines again discussed today being that is agreement SWIFT The
greater. much be very will it but environment, the to damage serious cost of the bear to have all shall we Clearly, No.
investigation. proper a conduct to order in we need which ground the support on the have not do that we often common and definitions or concepts common no are there often that said You
death penalty. the by threatened Afghans are who 16 these about obtain to information can you everything do to Presidency Belgian the in you want really scenario, I that In
economically. them affects analysis, last the in this, and protected, legally be can that interest an damage activities also criminal doubt that is no there concerned, are services these far as As possible. as as soon legislation European by protected also are payment without rendered are services that other that those ensure to necessary proceedings the initiating immediately to itself committed has Commission that the House understands this, the By accepting
tense. situation remains the streets, the on normality to return of some spite Bahrain, in In
Commissioner. support, and assistance course, of our with, court the Commission's in now is ball that the say might We
I protect civil to important is it that time at that agreement in also are we that hope liberties.
facts. few a First,
company. the with struck deal was a 2004 in and action, the win to difficult particularly find it would Morris Philip that became clear gradually It
justice. climate principle of the by judged be to itself allow and does, United States the of what regardless leadership, political demonstrate must EU the of responsibility, an alliance of As part
ruling. a give must also but Parliament aim, this us in help to there are authorities safety food The
progress. in to result most likely the aspect key, the is else, all above participants, the of will political the firstly, discussion: our aspects of highlight three to like I should regard this In
to In order in innovative manner creative and a in act to have they conditions, basic difficult with confronts people nature which in regions survive.
account. into them take not Commission does the up as not followed are which statements signing written and resolutions for voting continually are We
seriously. taken being not really are EU the in workers health for conditions working of the improvement and health’ for together ‘Working that problem the to address needs also Parliament view, therefore, my In
Angola. in situation the you remind of to wish that I background that against is It
It Uruguay the in went than we further much goes Round.
In they with everything not agree did I although 22, and 9 Amendments favour of in voted I case, this said.
approved. cannot be amendments Other
solution. the of an part important inevitably is immigration But
States. other on influence direct may a have act to State one Member of failure The
Act. Authentic the on things of couple a say to want I
over totalling 85 000 kilometres. border maritime a and long 6 000 kilometres over border land manage a to have will European Union The
written. have they what of account on threatened have journalists been 200 years, three the last Over
alone. Europe's institutions in trust to unable are we times, since difficult in these us help God may irony: of trace a without saying, by end shall I
accounts. of clearance the to guidelines corrections and flat-rate apply continue to shall and we accounts, of the clearance for procedure the improve to trying we are addition, In
The the of spread the stopping in role important an cancer, preventing have strategy for national their particular in and States, Member disease.
campaign. anti-nuclear the of supporter fervent a and Green Party the German of characters great of the one was von Blottnitz Bloch Mrs
judged. be can credibility Turkey's of which basis the on issues tangible very two are these that believe I
At the in any than complicated more far decisions make must consumers however, these same time, the past.
Union. European the accession to for prepare it to and economic difficulties social and present s country' the overcome to government Bulgarian the and Mr Parvanov by made endeavours the of aware We are
principle. precautionary of the grounds the on sensible extremely export is for quota zero a for demand the remain, stocks what exist concerning that given uncertainties the that, believe I but is required, protection level of higher a that effect to the consensus a be to appears there issue, this On
so. do to happy am I and that to in relation details more give to asked been have I
quite obvious. are content of problems The
Furthermore, to wish they reductions tax and which taxes decide should themselves States Member that the believe we implement.
These implementation and of spheres the within Commission the of actions the monitoring to extend powers will and of influence sphere Parliament's European the Commission, the and Parliament European the by 2006 in concluded agreement the of framework the fact within that, concern the reports two legislation.
Metaxas, Stalin's and Hitler following own, their of crimes perpetrated dictators lesser of host and a Salazar Mussolini, Franco, brutality.
I Council. of absence the on comment to not prefer the
the matter. of truth the is That
this. like citizens on the to shifted be simply cannot safety, public of maintenance the namely state, the by undertaken be task to a of costs the end, In the
raised. you have which 4(2) Amendment of problem to the reply to going I am Christodoulou, Mr
ways. obscure in levied be should airport charges that is unconscionable it market, single a of the context Within
the be to parents allow cannot we inconclusive, still is evidence scientific As misled.
us. separate that points still the detail me let Now
words. two say to like would just I
is excessive. still today Chamber this in felt tension the because closely, very case follow this should really Commission the of representative that the feel I therefore Commissioner,
communications. namely the law, of source a as regarded often is else, which something is there between two, the But
age. early an excessively smoking at up from taking people young prevent that can way and a in health, on focuses that way a in advertise to opportunity the given be must We
Area. Research European in the participate usefully and role organisational its strengthen to as activities so its refocusing be will Centre Research Joint the Programme, Framework Sixth the In
comments? any there Are
Member States. including actors, all of political commitment a requires it Besides,
assist? are to trying we countries the to assistance deliver effectively to we cooperate can How
regions. neighbouring its in stability create to able which is Union a also is Union strong A
make war. to than make peace to difficult more is it that is Bosnia-Herzegovina, it from learned have we thing one is there if groups, because ethnic different the between be to reconciliation is there if made be to have still will efforts Enormous
week. this China in Burmese issue the raise will Ferrero-Waldner Mrs and the regime, Burmese influence to us help must countries, which neighbouring cooperation with mentioned obviously you of some sanctions, the above and Over
has embarked. Union the which upon process the enlargement for support our political of signal best the be will modernisation social and on economic work our into the candidates integrating opinion, my In
authorities. regional local and and organisations non-governmental and supported Regulation Focus Forest the of scope the within as actions measures environmental such supported have that programmes various the environmental instrument single one in combine to idea bad no is It
nuclear energy. or energies from renewable produced is it sustainable if totally is - vector an energy is indeed it stated, been has as - vector energy an as hydrogen use of the and fossil fuels to alternative clean a It is
. interests" main s debtor' the "centre of of idea the on 2, and Nos 1 Amendments accept not it does hand, other On the 4. and Nos 3 Amendments accepts Commission the Affairs, Home and Justice Rights, Freedoms and Citizens' the Committee on by proposed amendments the to with regard Therefore,
markets. financial the for essential and citizens our for good be will This
report. Kindermann the in also confirmed is This
time. in act not did disposal but their at data have indeed did intelligence services the that emerged Madrid it and London in attacks the After
Government. the Israeli by people Palestinian the against committed crime being constant of the condemnation and repugnance our We express –   
manner.' most the cost-effective in the objective achieve can facilities recycling which determine forces market and let level EU at target EU recycling overall have an to better be might It
strike. when disasters transport deployment of the of and zone, crisis into a teams sent any of ground, the on offices consular of coordination in the improvement a vast ensure to able been have now We
externally. internally and both line, the on credibility political own its putting is EU the of Lebanon, Republic the with Agreement an Association of conclusion the With
The and economic migration of the subjects to simply restricted not is neighbours southern its EU and the between dialogue political agreements.
endeavour. great for this thanks many nevertheless, but gods, the of lap the in rests still Thursday on report Haug the of fate Mr the President,
move. to supposed is industry sector of which this within field playing level the on particular in and compete to industry of this ability the discussion on extensive had an have we however, Group, ELDR the In
year. last held Parliament wisely which the vote uphold to again asking you today am I situation that this of view in is It
that. noticed We
page. the turn we should that and year last crisis of the past get must we that Prodi, President said, You
attention. our needs that Internet the of aspect an is It
common position. Council' s the rejecting and Lehne Mr colleague my by tabled 9, No Amendment of favour vote in Parliament to whole the upon call therefore I would
2010. 16 June on Parliament, European the of part-session next the at this on debate a There be will
understood. I've what there, from petrol of plenty have And they
reading. makes interesting comments Court's the to answers the in Commission the by defence The
C4-0064/96). - (COM(95)0625 1995 30 June - at situation budget general the by guarantees covered on Commission the from report the on on Budgets, Committee the of behalf on Tomlinson, Mr by (A4-0254/96) report the is item next The
before. 25% was it and is 14% funds all in absorption rate current The
closed. now being is border the but and Iraq, Jordan fled from have refugees of thousands, of hundreds not if thousands, of tens Syria, where to in situation the to also refers it recital S In
it. into fully integrated be must they means that also which objectives, Strategy's 2020 EU the in achieving elements key are partnership, real governance and multi-level integrated approach, an such as policy, of cohesion principles basic the and Structural Funds The
corruption. and judicial cooperation protocols on supplementary two the to applies same The
cofinancing. through friendly environmentally more much to agriculture - make 2078/92 regulation and environmental agricultural of thinking I am - the opportunity of use too little far making is which country, own my at look take a to need also I
purpose. a must serve Freedom
instructions. implementing our in effective to be authorities executive to persuade be able must we - effective be also must We
Blak's remarks. Mr support to like would I
economically. and politically both continent, great a be to capacity Union's European the define to going that energy is largely is It
The lawmaking. of objective the meets technique recast the of use better
particular? Spain in in and general in EU the in farming tobacco for agriculture envisage for Commissioner the does prospects What
subject. this on discussions the continuing be they will that indicated have presidencies future that as positive I it see
start. to going is debate that when idea no have we proposed, is now what With
there. it keep and agenda the political on subsidies export of the issue put indeed We should
important. more ever become trade with external associated policy areas the deeper, and further globalisation goes As
happened. has the opposite quite seen, have we As
We methodology. and content the both to relating effect this to amendments tabled therefore have the
despicable apologists. its and against it resolutely stand to all behoves us it world, the and Europe Across
Commission. the in endemic an problem are transposition in Delays
capital. favours and penalises work which system, tax the with do to is problem third The
example. a shining is area agricultural The
rural We to move to people young encourage to farmers, especially for incentives need areas.
this system. of abuse prevent to is important that it agree although I Council, the and the Commission to questions written put to free be should Members Nonetheless,
building. that to damage irreparable to lead may Família Cathedral Sagrada the of foundation the to close extremely tunnel new a The construction of
governance. good and democracy security, energy rights, human for promote respect to policy trade use can We
other sectors. certain in occurred have that precedents undesirable the particularly given programme, in this transparency of ensuring importance the to again attention draw should I that feel I amendment, the other As regards
in it. expressed views the of most supports and this report constructive welcomes Commission The
exists. system still intervention an that remains problem the - 2000 Agenda in drastically them reduce or package prices in now this them fix we whether - of prices case the in Commissioner,
perpetrated. that crimes were the justify could one no but party, our members of different things to mean different indeed may 'Communism' and 'socialism' words The
authority. appropriate the from is the request that established has been it once referred be only can immunity of waiver the for request a Procedure, of Rules 5(1) the of Rule to pursuant that, away straight out to point like she would that She said 1985. March dated 8 letter a wrote in Vayssade Mrs Here what is
of course. countries, respective the of systems constitutional the for respect due all with - authorities local and regional the - authorities territorial the extended to is national but States the and Union between the to relations applied just not is if subsidiarity achieved be will only result the that means This
lesson now. this learn to need we and ahead challenges the to up face to needs of today Europe The
Member States. new of number to a of enlargement cost the cover available to be to continue which will sums consideration into taking States, Member of fifteen a Union for 2002-2006 period for the prospects of financial survey a months: six coming of the end before the financial proposal of kinds two submit will Commission the obligations, its with accordance in So,
students. their of needs educational the meeting on concentrate to prefer actually they would where even path this down principals forcing is what is That
that We to work let us - allies natural be should we we believe and Commission strong a believe in we Europe, strong a in believe end.
reigns. unprecedented instability political where country, their in situation the fleeing Lampedusa, and Malta in particular, and, in Mediterranean of the shores on the landing been have migrants of now, thousands weeks For
the planet. on dictatorship great Communist last the China, including seriously, rights very human take not do that world in the countries are Mr President, there   
us for here. spin that you yarn old same the always is and it story, old same the always is It
brake. a it is and balance a is it institutions, other to opposition not in Parliament is
Council. the welcomed by warmly was It
Minutes see (tabling): questions and oral statements Written
protection. consumer and organisms genetically modified pesticides, on legislation EU also is there but example, well-known and good a is directive nitrates said, the have As I
I this in distinction a make imperative to is it that believe regard.
response. that you for Thank   
gases. greenhouse of emissions high for responsible mostly are that developed countries the in mainly activity, from human directly spring these changes that doubt no is There
oppose it. not will I then, sitting the of President the be will myself I as Obviously,
weekend. since the floods serious of result as a suffering are they situation the grave of view in Pontevedra, of province the in Galicia, particularly in municipalities various to solidarity and condolence of message a send to like would I House this Presidency of the via President, Mr (ES)
This Report. Human Arab 2002 UNDP the by drawn conclusions the with line in is Development
activities'. regulating CSR than rather on supporting focus should initiatives 'Commission that the statement note I social responsibility, corporate report on Désir's Mr regards As
Taxes into matters fiscal beyond extend can impact its implemented properly, is measure a such if but crisis, during a solution elaborate an be to seem may education.
necessary. inquiry make an objectives policy Commission's the when only used be should and terms resources in of expensive very are They
yet. over not is turbulence current the though even tests, largely its passed has it and old ten years euro is the Trichet, Commissioner, Mr President, Mr (SV)
him. with it discuss course of will that, I said having but yesterday, speech Roth's to Mrs further action, that take to planned already President has the think I
Directive. the of force into entry the after 10 years roll-out, namely their for deadline a of imposition the meters and of smart concept also the is There
aid. development and markets to our trade, access grants, to comes when it can make we progress what see need to we but preparation, some done already have we which and in discussed already have we which areas are These
tolerated. be cannot prisoners, for care medical of lack rights, including of a fundamental violations that authorities the to signal clear a send we that vital is and it impunity, with escape cannot Nevertheless Cuba
Secondly, of Council the of minorities migrant the and Mr Moraes’s report minorities of national traditional between the distinguish must we Europe.
services. translation and interpreting on spent of money amount the to reduce wanting grounds of foolish the on languages working number of the to cut tendency shortsighted of the in view especially EU, the of principle founding is a diversity, which linguistic respecting and supporting at aimed the conclusions welcome I multilingualism, for strategy framework new the concerning gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, President, (CS) Mr
passion? the was Where
such communitisation. of scope the from excluded however, remained has, matters criminal cooperation in judicial and Police
Councils. Competitiveness Transport and the Energy, of agenda the on change climate also put We
market. the automotive in and goods services access to extensive European consumers ensures it that fact the is significant very Also
implemented. be to have will also they which under and conducted being now are these which under time of pressure the is Then there
endorsement. to right exclusive an label that or scheme gives that Trade label Fair scheme or Trade Fair particular that one case it the is Nor
up. covered being is citizens of country’s the thousands facing fate tragic the Yet
governor? Bank Central the be on exercised will accountability, what control, what democratic asks rightly voter The
Maat. Mr to the floor give now I
more. any buses empty not but purposes, for repair trucks 40-tonne to drive allowed are personnel if workshop example, for lost, unnecessarily be and will employment growth for Potential
future. role in crucial a play will coastguard service European A
absolute necessity. an is Union European in the events of historical understanding uniform a nonetheless experiences, varied have our peoples Although
Stalinist. a was that I said He
matter. this debates on Parliament's the of result to Education and Culture on Committee the tabled by amendments the rejected therefore has List The June
conditions. working wages and regulating for joint responsibility taking partners social the on based is model market labour Swedish The
Union. European the within markets of fuel behaviour competitive the of monitoring importance the even stress would I
speechless. left us have to seems crisis fundamental yet this and another, after resolution one with world, over the events all of sorts all react to to quick so usually We are
table. the to parties the bringing help in our for asked has and today he ever evident than more which is urgency the underlined have others and Moussa Secretary-General Amr
disadvantages. economic face may in standardization take part not does that group any So
therefore. balance, a hardly This is
basis. legal we a have and continue can agreement, we an for started negotiations yet not have we though Even
Europeans. us to importance of matter a is abolition understand that make to others order in penalty, death abolished the have which states with those relationships economic and cultural promote regions, our from representations these through and Member States, our representations from and of institutions our of the presence also but enterprises, by our investment only not favour to namely road, difficult more a down go to need would here we and death penalty, the abolished which States have United the in states twelve or are ten There
country. own my in cooperation stage of the nearing be fact, in may, and consideration under is something that is understand this that I
Union. European the of interests financial the protect to quite sufficient it is that the belief on based is which forward, put concept occasionally minimal beyond the far goes and public prosecutor European a of ideal of my features the essential incorporates It
origin. countries of persons' displaced refugees' and into as reintegration well as easier, voluntary repatriation make and integration to promote reception, to of conditions improve to designed measures to support effective give us to enable programming, will multiannual of framework within thus, a which, and years five for last to aims that instrument an is This
action. joint want not do you why reasons the know not Parliament does this and Commission, the Council the Gentlemen of
Now modern of elements say first the is to fire, that man giving for him punish to order in Prometheus up tied gods the where is this that says it Bound, Prometheus tragedy of Greek ancient the in antiquity, in back right Caucasus, that the said about Volcic Mr what add to to like should I of Europe, boundaries the as regards civilisation.
Union. European in the large and by is it as enjoyed not is of religion freedom alas, where, countries in bishops priests and Christian missionaries, made by sacrifices remarkable the of - all we are as aware - am I in prison, confinement in solitary life his of years 20 about spent who Shanghai, of Bishop the by celebrated was Cross the of Veneration the Cathedral where Shanghai in year this Friday Good spent Having
institutions. European of reform necessary the examine to Conference Intergovernmental another convene to need the about said been what has would support conclusion, I In
European next. to election from one power in politicians certain keeping at solely aimed are which games political internal to themselves lend generally not do integration European particular in and Parliament The the
2001. and 2000 in made were updates The last
Republic. Italian the in affairs state the of about way either political judgement in a engage to attempt an than rather Protocol of the reading fair-minded and objective an of simply matter a is it that and take to course right it is I think why of colleagues to account an have given I I hope
The daughters. their sons sell they prospects unless no have people these that in situation, ever-worsening an to contributing Cambodia in is people landless of number the in increase constant and
deteriorated. has situation economic the met, criteria be to Copenhagen the requirements of political the for possible it make to September ought in by Parliament choice made the though even because wait should Slovakia rapporteur, the According to
be liable. held can - Directive to 85/374/EEC pursuant feed animal as well agents, as fertilising and plant-protection seeds, example for - inputs of agricultural producers the that all costs at ensure must however, we products, defective for liability farmers' the regards As
agreement. a future to contribution in and participation their for carefully plan to order in countries developing partners from our closely with work more to need also We
Thus, of wide sphere the within countries, of their interests the to according fit see they as funds allocate the will ministries finance infrastructures.
scope. restricting its and policy cohesion of financing the structure to changes requires it because all countries, on directly impacts expenditure and income Restricting
Some two these between tension a is that there say people ideals.
successful. be to order in efficiently and work quickly to able be must and possible as soon as operational must become domain top-level .eu the that like felt Commission, the Affairs, on Industrial Committee fact, the In
readily. more much to willing delegate be turn in will we scrutiny, for opportunity better there is If
past. years in activities of consequence a is environment our in pollution the result, a as and, higher, many times doses, much in higher used were worse, they much was pesticides of quality the years that past in remember should we However,
It and change climate also crisis as financial economic the and to coordinated response a and challenges, security foreign agreement, trade economic comprehensive on a negotiations as challenges shared such addressing particular in partners, two the relationship between political the of reinforcement on focus would Summit EU-Canada forthcoming the that expected is energy.
of Kurds? the rights cultural and democratic the talks of on the opening and institutions, and its law international of basis the on Turkey and Greece between differences the of settlements seek to agreement Turkey=s talks, intercommunal launch to order in Cyprus of Republic the of occupied territories the in state= >Turkish-Cypriot a of recognition international for demand the dropping comprise should least at Union European the of membership for eligible as for Turkey recognising conditions basic consider the that Presidency Finnish Does the
up. catch to chance real have a we Yet
We the in slowdown economic the of repercussions major the from eurozone shielded was that the example, for told, repeatedly been have US.
Needless the as such nations, footballing smaller in smaller clubs for term, short in the certainly cause problems, will this say, to Netherlands.
vote: the Before -
example that. of terrible prison a is Ghraib Abu the in American servicewoman the war; of vehicles – – alas also but peace, of only vehicles not are women because sensitive, more even is aspect third The
lines. those along proposals more with up come will Commission the doubt No
believe. us would have technology than new so more far that and generation, our own of those to indeed and life, enjoy and live to means generations' past to was indispensable - it beginning just only research that thought is be not it Let
The recent in thinking European into incorporated has become Act Business Small times.
part. in or principle are in they Commission as the to acceptable are tabled amendments the than half More
equitably. enforced were rules existing the ensure that also directive would The
Ireland. of Republic of the people the of opinion the change to be will enough That
assessment. the impact in this mention of no absolutely is There
There constitute which components the not and design the protects only designs of protection legal the state that which Court, Constitutional Italian the and Lords of House in the namely decisions, high two court been have it.
infrastructure. for training and for up, started be to firms needed for are Loans
Kyoto. in up drawn goals the surpassed the has EU noting that worth is It
this single the working of the of principles legal the of basis the on question examined the has Commission the case particular In market.
Baghdad. to mission his on well wish him We
opinion. the draft to honour the had I which for work and his in incorporated has he which committee from our conclusions new the accept to rapporteur agreeing for to the thank like particularly should I Economic Relations External on Committee the of behalf On
them. look for to how knowing without things find we can scientific serendipity: of smacks undoubtedly that project ambitious an ITER is
moment. the at debate can we point which not a clearly is it but Maastricht, of the Treaty of spirit the to contrary is this whether ask may You
come. to the months in face they that challenging problems the all with well Shah Zahir Mohammad and ex-king Karzai President sincerely wish I
meeting. summit forthcoming EU-Africa the in Union, African the of country member full a Zimbabwe, of Republic the of President the of the criticise participation legitimate to agriculture' 'African on report a use try to to EP of the sectors reactionary most by the led manoeuvre political unacceptable the denounce We (PT) - in writing.
Much been has attention paid...
year. Union next the join will that states the of ten all exist in Ombudsman institutions
developments. with new in break to encouraged and left is retain what to able be to supported now be must cut fleets their seen which have Fishing communities
With long a be must Leone, Sierra to mission intervention the to Congo Belgian former the of peacekeepers UN failures, the from of list its and retreat, to rebuff to humiliation from goes UN the action, military with this support to and international law of rules state the to right the assert to for it Americans the of eyes in the serious sufficiently not is matter a if UN, the regard to one.
the Convention. by European Union the to submitted text the adhere to to decided have Union the Presidency current and Government Italian the Prosecutor, European the to regard with that, well-known is It
frameworks. multi-annual financial and structure administrative to suited poorly structure is This
of NATO. pillar European strong a as act would that Community Defence a establish and NATO of framework within the cooperation military mutual and close of a programme on could embark countries like-minded and other Belgium France, Germany,
all. and for debate once this to end an put position, to clear a take simply should Parliament
work. his quality of the on congratulate to like should I whom Marinho, Mr by report the concerns Today’s debate
Council. the of formations different country in my represented have I row a years in ten for and Convention, the of a member been also have I
should asked. be themselves they that vital is it it, want they that thought, some it given having secondly, and Constitution exists, this that firstly, know, to Europe are of people the If
do. to needs Commission the what and done be what should distinguish between important to indeed is It
countries. African North in seekers asylum with dealing for capacities its strengthen to Refugees for High Commissioner to the released enable been has EUR 1 million that aware are we also because and EU the applications outside asylum of processing the on study feasibility a to reference a includes Programme Hague the because concerned, remain we this House, of parliaments and of national both members many great a of and NGOs of of hundreds opposition fierce the aroused have that they and Programme Hague of the part form not do they rejected, that been mainly have ideas high-flown these fact the that Despite
The the by flexicurity for formulated structure policy the four-part supports also text Commission.
any agreement. of part be will protection tariff in a reduction that is about certain be can we thing one the round, current the of outcome forecast the to is difficult it While
women. against of discrimination forms all of elimination the on Convention International s UN' to signatory the a is Kuwait more, What is
to see. want we partnership global this in result will which partnership and bi-regional a strategic to way the lead can agreements these that hope we and Mexico, in State Heads of of coming summit the in - Parliament wants what is this and - culminate should which two regions our relations between range of extensive an create countries and American Latin certain by being experienced situations difficult to the to respond able be will we believe I President, Mr way, this In
Members? Ukrainian of presence the by enlarged be day should one this House that and them, waiting for are we that allies, and friends their are we Ukraine that of cities other Kiev and to clear signal a send to done have you what - Mrs Tymoshenko situation with the condemned principles, high such today, with have those who all have what done, House and this what has - done you have what but Kiev, in functioning democracy is how by and observed being are rights human way the by satisfied not am too, I,
governments. some by adopted positions openly extreme with homophobia against and racism fighting Member States in perpetrated attacks individual of examples listing by together everything lump not must but vigilant, remain must We
there. hope of prospect a offering thereby message Belarus, to European the take also we ensure that Europeans, as we, that important very is It
favour. in fully be would I forward, putting been has he that ideas the with such, as report, Mera's de Díaz Mr on were voting just we believe if that I
Agency Medicines discharge: European 2008
of dictatorship. condemnation the but also restitution and truth just not requires communist countries former of integration European Real
the proposal. forward bring to be to able hope I circumstances, present the of spite In
solved gradually. be to needs perhaps which matter complex a is this that recognise we must regulation, market and settlement clearing Talking of
on. going is what about circulating truths half or these lies with all up ending avoid order to in proactive be have to also but we reaction, course, a of is, This
Curtain. Iron the through cut Alois Mock, counterpart, Austrian his with together Foreign Hungarian Minister, the afterwards, Shortly
The anti-discrimination to particular importance attaches Party People's European policy.
market. dominate the elsewhere America and from products imported cultural inferior result, a as distribution; above all, and, production of increasing monopolization steadily the by aggravated is development This
occur? two things those that ensure to doing be will you What
fact. a is That
here. saying anything business no have Parliament European the Members of and Commissioners
time. months' six in this at another look have can we cautiously, rather admittedly just said, Mr has Alvaro As
I verifiable as and be verified seriously but taken be just will not into entered commitments which in situation a conference, serious a with up end can we hope that well.
policy. regional Community the with away do to accurately, more it put to or, to and renationalise, – the Six’ of ‘Letter the of signatories the the of wishes with line – GNP in Community of 1% of maximum a to budget Community average annual the restrict to intended were which 18, and 17 Nos 16, Amendments rejected Parliament however, that fact, the I welcome
improves. situation until the account State's Member the money into the paying stop to able be must Commission the sector, a certain in wrong go continuously things if is that we saying are what however; suspended, be to country a specific to subsidies agricultural of payments all for arguing certainly not are We
That facing a are we it, know we before and chunks small in taken are decisions solution: salami the is .
These and protection consumer 2000, Agenda of review mid-term include the enlargement.
I EU the from contribution any without euro the has introduced which country each by be taken can measures these that believe and view this share budget.
have. we that means within the system current the improve can we how at look us Let
account. into taken are aspects regional that ensure must We
alone. America power of the face to countries the third partners in our leave we when Union, European to belonging the of companies respect in made be will which regards exemption the as view, my in of, proud be to anything hardly have We
Treaty. the of implications the aware of well very I am
Parliament. our to sectors various the within results the on reports annual submit this, to from on following and, control poverty of the field in agreements international to according sectors clearly defined of number a in budget entire to the re-arrange have agreed now We
problem. a still is unemployment 4%, around growth of which has Greece as such countries in even that, point the to jobs, new into which translates momentum sort of the create to enough strong been not, unfortunately, reforms have market labour show, statistics As employment
you! on Shame
correct. entirely was to Constitution rise the gave impulse that the therefore, and, Europe for rules of new framework a need we that is truth The
this. address to decision political a take to Ministers needs of Transport Council The
We jeopardized. would Chernobyl of closure the meantime the in but time, long for a other each with this can discuss be
visionary. be to needs The investment
2007 programme. the of implementation the on word a quick me allow first But
For is it me simple.
Opportunities. Equal and Rights Women's on Committee the with by dealt being now issues those for responsibility have should Affairs Social Employment and on Committee the believe that We
research. maritime of base knowledge firm a on building same time the at development, sustainable employment and boost growth, to policy maritime common a of aim the supports It brilliantly
majority. healthy a with were elected You
myself. to fall the duties circumstances, these Under
have This others and Harbour Mr as opportunity, great a is said.
rapporteur. of the view to the contrary services, and value-added core so-called separate to necessary not is It
selfishness. pure is It
world. the in anywhere than greater be also will technology this in involved using risks the means that This
Summit. the Copenhagen results of not the for wait and given be should they aid the of question the address obviously we must us, join to development in partners our convince to Therefore,
world. the in the largest now is economy EU the is because It
bodies. and professional States Member the representatives of of consist would sub-committee The
sector. by sector were, it as meaningful, more becoming are that they see will we but either, for year next looking actually are we success have not the will we am sure I
proposals. other expect can we when say to also and going further is of thinking Commission that the speech her in very clear make Commissioner to the asking therefore am I
this. on should it be as as strong is not regulation proposed the unfortunately and necessary truly where shipped be only should waste example, For
Mr in the violence for responsible is United Kingdom of the Government the that speech last the from appear would it President, Colombia.
level. network European at coordination be should also There
themselves. for deal financial best the for around scratch to urge irresistible it the is itch: seven-year a seized by have been States Member of our some that seems it Commission, the of President President, Mr   
freedom. and peace of project is a unification European
interests. particularistic strong have such States Member the individual when outset, the from role leading a play will diplomacy EU newly-established the ourselves that delude not us Let
management. risk common of framework the within controls analysis improve and perform risk to order in authorities, customs between time, in real elements, data exchange of an permit also They will
approval. full our given be can been submitted which have reports two light the this in that think I and ours, not necessarily members are its and Commission the of interests the that clear make must it We
McGuinness. Martin Mr and de Brun Ms Assembly, Ireland Northern the in and education health of ministers the particular should in contact Commission The
debate. afternoon's this have witnessed to not preferred have would I honestly gentlemen, and ladies President, (IT) Mr
those deals. of weaknesses the to eye blind a to turn prepared were people money and people's done other with were deals cosy many Too
This know. you as ago, months Spain some from regrettably brought were as deep), and are real (which dissensions or national disagreements any House this to bring not should we that means also well
legislation. Community compliance with guarantee to also serve will it EU, the For
Asia. of parts in of livestock mass transportation and industrialisation the alongside developed that have practices unhealthy the concerns about must raise Union European the President, Mr   
This in regions the poorest for important is particularly that something plans, development long-term up drawing for basis a provide does it hoped, but had we than smaller is figure Europe.
Treaty. the of 299 Article with in accordance negotiations, these of context the into in account be taken regions outermost the circumstances of particular the that imperative is It
position. a common out worked we and discussions, in these part took also Mr Pöttering, Parliament, the European of President The
manner. cohesive in a place takes that development so strategy, development economic and territorial new with the 18, under point comes Danube the where strategy, Transport) of Network (Trans-European the TEN-T correlate to necessary is it think I
market. internal the complete to forward move that part indispensable of absolutely an is colleagues, my of number a raised by protection and consumer of quality issues the addresses manner that a in recognised, unimpeachably and mutually are people qualifications whose by services professional of delivery cross-border Clearly the
entire international community. the of efforts the for calling thus Union, European the of boundaries the beyond far going problem international an also is This
to health. allocated be to budget development cooperation Community the of 10% for 2001 October in asked Parliament European the that remember should We
workers. unsalaried unpaid, without particular, in fires, or major flooding like disasters deal with impossible to be would It
known. already was nature harmful its though asbestos, even with working result of a as have workers died who of generations the forgetting mean would however, That,
Strasbourg. in not and Brussels in it held we grateful if be would I Moreover,
directive. soil protection the on worked myself I
with. live learn to to have to going are something we sampling is random that feel certainly I
history. European in landmarks as place take their summit will EU-Africa the and Treaty Lisbon of the signing The
caution. of word add one would I
sport. in engage idols and their to copy people motivate and screens television on and stadia in millions captivate in them part take women men who and the and events Sporting
Europol. reinforcing Eurojust and prosecutor, reinforcing public European a up setting - month last voted this on we and - example for means, That
States. Member some by ratification concerning problems some be there may understand that I
(Applause)
considerable. are stakes and legal economic where the field developing a continually in clear regulations of value the acknowledge will Everyone
initiative. such an up with come to itself principle precautionary to the approach your with well very in fit not would it if and ban a preparing such are you if wondering, therefore, am I
legislation. future and both existing on focus must readable more them making and simplifying texts work on but our good ones, very are gives rapporteur the which examples The
intellectual arguments. than important more is power EU that the within cooperation continued for well not bode does It
know. I Commission, the Parliament and European the quarrel between long-standing is This
reservations. has group my group, working a permanent up setting of problem the regard to with More specifically,
Belgium. in regions objective the in expenditure resources of low exceptionally the about concern rapporteur's the I share
Moreover, Fundamental Charter of EU the of principles the breach of in is it Rights.
sitting. previous the in 150 Rule under floor the took Members which shows floor the who requested the Members of list The
Minutes. the to correct need we all word is Your
If a now as does it than cold climate severely more a have far to Fennoscandia northern causing currents, sea Atlantic North divert could Warming place. take may well Europe northwestern in worst-case scenario dreaded, continue, the to warming global allow we result.
there. can flourish justice law and so that wisdom, have may country new this that pray I
policy. and security foreign our of priorities the remain amongst there will problem the process and peace East Middle the Europeans, as us, for that insist still would East, I Middle the to relation In
population. farming poor the for progress major mean would intellectuals the and the cities of destruction the that illusion the under laboured that movement a Rouge, Khmer the of hands the into intervention, fell power American an irresponsible to reaction sharp a In
Eastern to aid Europe. programmes of our under project single there a is nor TENs, the in project waterways inland single not a is there and Europe, Eastern with our links improve to waterways inland our for infrastructure need better We
This have measures current the inadequate how shows again example once practical been.
recession. severe very a experience to going are we Secondly,
progress. some have made we but it from long way a quite are We
Nairobi. in up to set Somalia coordinate aid to initiative the of members founder the of one it is and programmes its of some implementing is it Nations, the United with together working Union European is the obviously, that, say have I to Somalia, in intervention and aid coordinating on concerned, is comment last the far As as
forces. fundamentalist Islamic and of anti-European influence the reinforcing and of Turkey citizens the to signal wrong the sending we are that me worries It
movement. of freedom enjoy European citizens where justice, and security freedom, of area an in live We
Activities at regional players research involve also that activities will Eranet+ the and Eranet the least, not but last and, Europe, in regions implications some for important have would that infrastructure research of strand the under for provided are level.
cooperation. and peace of force a voice as strong one, with world to the speak to be able to also needs It
In Member the between procedures surrender the and warrant arrest European the of implementation practical the on evaluations mutual of round the fourth finalising of process the is in it that fact the to attention Parliament's to draw would like Council the context, this States.
loans. of relief partial the recommends it when right is its communication in Commission The
quickly. solutions with up come to determined effort make a to us begging are countries southern Mediterranean The
Caucasus too. the in action effective more take even minorities could on national policy exemplary with an Union European A
own judgement? our use we Do
dioxide. carbon that use systems switch to is to emissions overall regard to with solution best the that is view own My
Farage. Mr your speech, for you Thank
extended. or perpetuated either are equalities social and regional result, as a and, direction wrong the in goes or either inadequate is otherwise, and financial assistance, cases, numerous in accede and, will or acceded have which the societies of and workers the problems social of and economic addressing the in help always does Union not European the policy of that the think I countries, candidate new approach we how and from date to enlargements from judging that, say should to like I strategy, enlargement the of question the start with to Mr President-in-Office, Commissioner, Mr President,
Parliament. European the of session adjourned the declare I
valued. be and receive attention to EU production want we quality and downwards levelling of ideas reject we course, Of
charges. exorbitant accept not and will cannot we Swiss that the tell must believe we I reason this For
issue. pressing address this to and situation the to rectify taken to be has Action
amendments. these all are basing the Greens evidence of scientific kind what on know to much like very would I
rights. human to commitment a for call to summit EU-China next the use to also but Jia for Hu position a up to take not the just and Commission Council the calling on therefore are We
this in area. work its improve further and pursue Council to the encourages which Titley's report Mr of stance ambitious very and constructive the particular in and subject this in Parliament's interest intensive welcome We
lobby. the Taiwan of behalf on report the hijack made to been has attempt that an criticism is only My
prices. unduly high at so do them only - do deliver they when - and goods which deliver the not do which airlines with up to put have instead shall who consumers, us to as service offer this to allowed be not prices will competitive market with the enter to wish that airlines smaller that mean course, of will, which and through rushing now are we which legislation special then, preparing are, We
Commissioner. you, Thank
children. for setting natural is the It
rejection. recommend to wish - Industry on Committee the and Budgets on the Committee namely committees, supporting the with believe, I in agreement, - Foreign on Committee Affairs the we in President, Mr
itself. terrorism as problem a big as just as against fight terrorism the sees rapporteur the disagreeable that feeling get the I President, Mr   
company. a of individual the case matter, serious more even with an faced we are today and doping, discussed have We
1989. in Wall Berlin the of the fall since challenge political the to response the shapes generation a over Europe progress in Mr President,   
waste. to gone have will conditions production stabilising thereby and quotas made buying have farmers investments that the mean will it are abolished quotas the If
market. internal the in confidence consumer boost order to in of initiatives number a undertaken already has The Commission
informed. be to citizens for call Commissioner Vitorino’s accept President, I Mr   
it. to point little is otherwise, there for minimum, the That is
together. get to able were forces pluralistic the which to degree the was expected was less what However,
In policies, budgetary and policies economic monetary policies, to everything: change going is which logic integrating a powerful generate and imply will it effects, psychological and cultural import, its symbolic its to addition etc.
issues. transport on decision-making in from participation excluded be not must European Parliament The
accession. their after account to States Member new the call always can we which of basis the on assurances given been have We
standards? retain higher to are obliged Member States vary because if standards achieved be EU the in asylum for applicants of distribution equal an will How
C4-0456/98-98/0217(CNS)). - (COM(98)0390 2001 May 20 to 1998 May 21 from period the for Madagascar off fishing on of Madagascar Republic the and European Community the agreement between the in provided for contribution financial and opportunities the fishing out setting Protociol a of conclusion the on Council Regulation a for on proposal the Fisheries, on Committee the of behalf on Gallagher, Mr by report (A4-0282/98) the is next item The
seen. be to remains portfolio tax adequate the for be will issues, energy with to coping up not were which abilities, Whether his
it. accept readily we can and compromise probably good a is years 26 regard, that In
I the thank to like would I all, above committee but, our for chairing Fraga Estévez Mrs thank to like would Commissioner.
policy. human rights EU review a of on begun has work June, in announced as Secondly,
not happening. is this that demonstrates Germany in E10 example of current The
immediately. them using stopping for arguments sound There are
One well work I and he confidence; complete my clear, enjoys abundantly make to like would I who, Smidt, Mr Fisheries Directorate-General, the of Director-General is the affected those of together.
renegotiate it. to attempt any accept to refuse and Convention Geneva of application the complete and full the ensure we must fact that on the clear very is report the pleased that also am I
today. Iceland of than that example more bitter same time the at and more apt a be not could there believe I
Why?
systems. warning of early development the to contribute to which upon a platform provide will equipment and transport extra of the for mobilisation allow will proposal the example, For
concluded. just Council has European the which treaty the discuss not will Council the that wholly unacceptable it is think even I though that reply, for President-in-Office the thank to like would I
Rights. Fundamental of Charter the by given be to meant are Europeans 380 that million right a Luxembourg, ECJ in the approach right to the additional right, a possesses who everyone give to has constitution that do the think I
first. come must Energy conservation
concern. for matter a Agency Bilbao the of existence very find the I State, Member a new representative of a and MEP new a As
We the for hope rules and citizens fellow our and give too Internet regulate the let us regulations: and rules of world a in live future.
Ogonis. 19 the of like those lives, human saving without pass year another let to not the Council on call therefore I
In too. concerns it reality in Russia, about nominally is this report although end, the us
Europe. new creating a to view a with Europe, this in identify all homelands which with homeland constitutional the is it because world; balanced more rational and more a in nations of league a for point starting the is it anthropocentric because world; and a cosmopolitan belonging to of the sense it represents because identities; the other of all incorporating values universal of system a identity in political European modern together brings it because constitutions; internal States’ Member effectiveness of the complements and interests national transcends that justice global of programme a articulates because it policies; European of, objective and an for, a reason as man of dignity inalienable the acts and of sovereignty the affirms it because permanent negotiation; over Constitution norms prioritises the because acts; legislative values in those share decided to it values, was fundamental common recognising merely than rather because, is This
tackle. to States Member individual for big too scale a on disasters some are because act, to a capacity needs EU the where sector one is civil defence the that are indications the all In conclusion,
Ankara European the in minorities other ethnic all as rights same enjoy the they that and respected, minority are Kurdish the rights of the that checking and situation the assessing questions, asking will be we fact that the by be offended not must and this understand Union. must
in spirit. similar is Left/Nordic Left, Green United European the of Confederal Group the through Left, European the of political forces the by proposed resolution The
the fire. into pan frying the of out jumping mean simply This would
position. rejected this group Our it. reducing than rather exacerbates poverty trade free that be to first sight appeared on Mr Markov by report drafted the of overtones view, the our In
in place. be must trade with this effectively dealing for procedures the and frontiers our across trade growth in expect a in we comes euro the As
issue. at is what ultimately that since is Council, the and Commission the of work future the for guideline as a Group Liberal the of view overall the present simply made, but has rapporteur which the points all the into go not shall I
these masts. of implications health the on re-think whole a warrant to evidence sufficient is There
event. welcome a was it and recently, Parliament this to Assembly National transitional from the of representatives visit to the referring Mr Brok hear to glad was I to support, political relation in First,
is. elections Presidential the candidate for who the Democratic know not do still we and ages, for on going been has election the I think There
Accession Partnership. the in issues these to relation in remaining shortcomings the clearly identified have We
campaigns. different and programme awareness-raising an also There is
diesel fuels and petrol of Quality
have. not do we that millions using by either, created, be cannot it that and averages basis of the on harmonising by be created other, cannot any than so more policy, that foreign fact the to attention draws Diversities Democracies Europe of and a for Group to the delegation Tradition) and Fishing, Nature (Hunting, CPNT the report, this opposing In
appropriate. is competitiveness its whether test to and proposals in its stage early an consultations at into real resources to put Commission the encourage to presidency Luxembourg the priority of it a making be therefore We should
regime. this oppressed by being are who Montagnards of Vietnamese minority and Protestant Catholic the particularly import, for grave of date a significant is It regime. that of birth the of anniversary the Today is
English. only: one language be solution would best the that but needed, is system patent European a on progress that belief the abstained, in I Therefore,
rape. and murder rights, human of violation cases of be to tend They indeed. dangerous and cases serious extremely discussing ourselves find we the floor, take usually I when afternoons, Thursday on human rights on debates the general, during In
to him. view this put and Culture Minister, the Mr Naumann, with met Government, I German the and a whole as Commission the between meeting of yesterday's course the In
issue. economic an just not levels is decent at incomes Guaranteeing agricultural
fuels. alternative field of the in research consideration into to take have also We
shock. of bill problem the eliminate finally ways to and transparency increased on consensus a have reached we proud that be all can we Committee Market Internal the in think I that
Members. fellow to our challenge this put We
future. the in Parliament European the and Commission European between the cooperation effective for basis good a provide will text today's that I believe
situation. their ameliorate to measures any introduce to is UK going if the wonder I and businesses small of the about vulnerability said been has that all welcome I
action. Community through headway significant made to managed have we But
changes. internal making order and restoring so by to do EU the for possible it made as country long the as Albania, in development democratic and economic for support to further provide was prepared Union European the that parties opposition and Government the told presidency The
Brussels): December, 5 (4 and part-session I December
( Ukraine
bomb. nuclear a to access has the map off Israel wipe to are going they that to dares say that anyone nor Iran neither that so Iran, isolate to in order China We need
local for sensitivities. respect and ownership local on based be democracy must for drive The
consideration. production into livestock to related issues change climate take to would agree not also They
and    ladies debate, for time a not is This gentlemen.
Iranian partners. our achieved with be will results further hope I
vessels. of indiscriminate of scrapping the policy the to end definitive a mean would which fishing national fleets, renewing and modernising for provided be should Support
forever. gone is it us hope Let
absolute necessity. become have an legislation our managing for systems effective more Europe, enlarged an In
Commission. the vote in of subject was the which proposal, Breyer's Mrs in one the on improvement great a is struck now being is that compromise The
I with simplified market the single to route easier an SMEs gives and recycling on emphasis an places industry, construction the in standards create bodies that for transparency more ensure should which report, the voted for procedures.
It illegal on rules joint up set to very difficult is material.
vital. obviously is information exchange of An
guide. a European up drawing and technical assistance enhancing programmes, multi-fund up setting pursued: be think should we that objectives main three specified have we therefore, report, this In
Council. in the others, among France, by proposed recently has been as future, the in or now happens this whether of EEAS, regardless the in structures political-military include to categorically - unequivocally and this say I and efforts - all oppose We
epidemic. EHEC the connection with failed in completely Germany in Government Federal The
comments? any there Are
course. of you, congratulates Group Sovereignty and Identity, Tradition the Mr President,
December. before well concluded this can get we hope that us Let
them. to available made agreements of texts complete the groups and other have lobbyists whereas agreement, draft the about informed extent some to be to House for this time take it of length the at surprised rather am I
clear. also is that and accountability possible, reasonably is as simple and as realistic are the schemes that clear, the are objectives that likely, is value added European that to ensure principles of set a applying suggests the Court programmes, expenditure revising When
main allies. our are They
be. will it then here, contempt treated with to be something for possible is If it
be made? to cuts the Where are is: then question My
direction. this in made progress any is there Fischler if Mr ask might I Perhaps
Only enormous one more than is anything Commissioner, Madam President, Mr Union, European the that impression the have citizens ordinary we will workable criterion, a of basis on the established been has this when achieved, been has this market-place. when
way. under negotiations the course of the regulatory during European framework the by provided protection of level high defend the to Commission the on call I
patterns. same the follow that we ensure and regulations these follow must European the Union in We
It the accept citizens the that vital is euro.
We to it allow cannot continue.
electronic communications. for framework regulatory common on the 2002/21/EC Directive amending and Community the networks within telephone public mobile on roaming concerning Council and Parliament the European of Regulation to the relating proposal on the report the of favour in voting am I writing. (PL) - in
disease? the affected by not United Kingdom of the areas in lifted be restrictions similar Will
The the of - ones ambitious very - declared objectives the with keeping in is which outcome an somehow seeking farmers' interests, protecting of way find a to effort real a make should shortly, work very to its begin is which this morning, Commissioner the announced by group high-level the that is therefore, my contribution, of end the at would make I appeal reform.
for it. rewarded being and worth their demonstrating from anyone prevent to is nothing there and another, from group one separating barriers institutional no there are Mr President, .   
charge. of free been enjoyed have today until events which of popular sports screening the for pay to asked being simply are consumers where new monopolies creating is Malta in TV digital to change over the Unfortunately
changed. be Treaty cannot the in criteria The
proportional manner. a in applied be must and deliberate policy calm and thought-out, carefully a be must policy counter-terrorism the that here afternoon, this again and time said been has doubt, as no there is but systems, security our with wrong went what out find to apparent or attacks attacks these examine to need obviously We
low. remain constantly which rates of interest dogma the in any longer believe I can Nor
be stored. would data your which all on card smart visualise a Parliament European of the parts and Commission the Instead,
Treaties. the change who elected representatives but governments not is it that fact take the seriously and to mandate, popular direct a with people of up made be this should House that fact the seriously take to electorate, the to made we the seriously promises take to for us be of would course, do, to thing natural The
EU. the inside produced programmes receive who outside living those all also Union but European the citizens of the only not concern clearly should opportunities, equal of which, right because a , 'right information' to so-called the again discuss can we hope I subject, also this on Lastly,
an concept. operative as service' with 'public away doing and services destroying public are forces market fact that the hiding smoke-screen, a be to appearing discussion this avoid should we same time the At
report. Schaffner's Mrs evident throughout main concerns three are There
Madam president of be will Yanukovich Mr term, parliamentary the next for least at and over is battle the President, (DE) Ukraine.
life. quality adequate of an while maintaining survive able to be to order in decisions take and globalisation by change imposed continuous the to adapt must Adults
conflicts internationally. resolve to way only the as Law International of strengthening a represents which Prize, Sakharov the receive to order in Annan, UN, of Kofi the Secretary-General the of presence the of and because accepted, been have suggestion of types all in which by Mr Laschet report well-produced the very of because both day, great a is today ours as assembly such pluralist a for President, Mr   
Action this in stereotypes with away do to is needed regard.
citizens. all its for and state Serbian the for step historic be an will this month, Commissioner Füle to hand over will Cvetković Prime Minister which questionnaire, Commission's European the to replies Government's the Serbian of submission The
British sovereignty. under area an in especially such action, take to the nerve Cyprus finds northern in regime occupying illegal where the is course, of question, The
side. Russian the by shared a - view achieved date to been has progress greatest the in which one the is justice and security freedom, of area common The
solution. of its part rather than problem the of part is think Europe people some Today
caught. be to species target the declaring and system Hail the of terms also in improved, be system can that how and wastage of greater understanding provide will and fisheries in involved everybody concerns This
maintained. are they insist that we must exist standards higher where areas those in input, and an have that States Member ensure must we however, earlier; mentioned I different systems the 15 from away get must We
that. exactly of us reminds this earthquake of magnitude the and humans to poses that nature all problems answer to the not got have we be, may we however advanced that everything, not mastered have we that realise us makes things that with relationship our in mystery is a there that said he when right it got particular, Brock, in Mr
the other. on enterprises medium-sized and small of and of workers interests the restrictions impose in to need the and hand, the one on services provide to freedom between good compromise a of achievement the voted represents have we which on Directive Services a proposal for that the convinced am I President, (DE) Mr
trouble. further and folly way lies That
bureaucratic. more be scarcely mergers could on Directive the under it with merged company own then one's and country neighbouring a in up is started company such a that arranged be can seats company transfers of that The theory
to now. up Union European the by policy expressed the connection with any of devoid totally unacceptable and were utterly – Mr Antonione under-secretary, the addressing am I statements – and These
devices. catalytic reduction selective and introduce exhaust gases recycle filters or diesel introduce to accordingly, need, we this, achieve To
world trade. opportunities for offers and value, added higher creates and and services goods with countries developing in market local the provides which business, medium in and small investment poverty, especially of reduction the on decisive influence a will have development future, economic the In
citizens name. in committed war of policies recent the about truth the know entitled to are Serbia of The their
us. 12 of only still there were if as axis Franco-German the treat cannot but we it need We
far. so been has it as the programme of management central responsible for be should Commission that European the Council the convince able to was Parliament procedure the conciliation through that fact the welcome we should Secondly,
These very are nature, their which, of topics two are European.
overdue. long is Europe change in of wind a and economy the ruined simply plainly and Neo-liberalism has
vertebral column. the of removal ensure to required be will States Member formally adopted, is it and, when Committee Standing Veterinary by the accepted was proposal This
territory? its over such flights to prohibit right the has State each Member that believe Council the Does
Poland, seeing are we technologies new the development of the and of globalization context the in but also Union, European the to relation in only system, not educational its to adapt need the escape cannot Republic, Slovak the like today.
reports ICT the in confidence building of process the to contribute also These sector.
developing. in particularly, and, trading in have countries those which the account difficulties into take envisaged the returns unless illusion an remain will system trade the world into countries poorest the economies the of of the integration Commissioner, Mr President,
The not have states, and groups, between regions conflicts wars, real but over, be may War Cold subsided.
competitiveness. to reduced lead protection of animal standards high that stresses it way the in things other amongst it, had of we that high expectations the to up live to has failed that report Jeggle's Mrs note to forced been have we Unfortunately,
one. create to trying We are
marketplace. the damage seriously that about talking things are We
We since DG my in this working on been have then.
us. ahead of remain challenges daunting far, but so done been has Much
There this task on a entrusted usefully moreover has Barroso President whom to Monti, Mario by own, used as my have adopted I that repeat word a to society', and market of the 'reconciliation in the market, internal the of consolidation the - word deliberately use that I - safeguarding the regards as learnt be to lessons are there Europeans we for and economy, global the of and regulation regarding transparency regarding governance, solidarity, regarding particular, in States, United the dialogue with our learnt in be lessons to are issue.
I should who the ones are who citizens, the ultimately serve and firstly must liberalisation that liberalised, be can everything not that state to need the and multiculturalism of preservation the for anchor as essential an it see benefit.
country. the leaving from banned Baydemir, was Diyarbakir, Osman of mayor the week, Last
The do to right is she that I believe and measures restrictive existing of review and in-depth comprehensive a calls for rapporteur so.
form. to starting split see a could we come, to weeks the correctly in responsibly and react not do If we
present. at than stronger much is very which pressure applying begin to it necessary is Perhaps
debate. constructive this from winners as emerge can all we that and mutually other strengthen each can European institutions that the believe I
Although being is party ruling the of leader the sabotaged and systematically are parties other more, once one with party resides power the elections, the in take part various parties Communist era, the in happened to what contrary now, glorified.
The harm population. not must taken action any that – this agree with you that know I and – ensured be always must it whereby further action, of possibility the examining also is Council the
out. am I pointing once again, which, limitations those with decisive manner, and clear in a Austria transit through in lorries of circulation the allow and system points provisional the future of application to immediate the regard with decision a adopt to necessary therefore it is and 2004 January from 1 ecopoints having stop will operators Nevertheless,
direct competition. of cases in the EU within competitiveness often harms European Union the outside financing projects that fact regrettable the stress would I although EIB, the of external activity the and position Parliament's the European support I
Member their shouldering are not Commission the and States responsibilities.
negotiations. recent the in adopted Council the funds that structural the to amendments the welcome I gentlemen, Ladies and –   
surplus. in countries of an with assessment it balancing but debt in countries of situation exclusively the on focusing not suggest also We
it is. as enough expensive insurance is health all, After
The a such to promote is instrument support financial this of aims primary the one of indeed and found, been has issue Cyprus to solution the after necessary a be will which takeover the for prepare to order in the , with compliance greater achieve to help should and can regulation this for in Community provided aid solution.
today. here be to not able is he and more any right his recognise mutually not does left knee words, other his In
agriculture. in reform true around way no is there Prodi, President
It budgetary and monetary the between possible harmony best the achieving on work to and Council the Euro within manner more systematic a in and openly cooperate to interests governments' in is policies.
vote. the from abstained of Greece Party the Communist of MEPs reasons, the these For
The for taken often too far are development its future and and success its market single that is, problem granted.
I tractors. or agricultural wheeled of devices braking on legislation and simplify regulate to it aims as report the of favour in am forestry
will be strategy industry the of impact external the How evaluated?
Agreement. Interinstitutional an under commitment joint a make to institutions three all for scope some not is whether there consider jointly could we if rather itself, for but consultation for standards minimum on of conduct a code not propose did Commission better if the be would it think I
face. we challenges the to suitable responses must find we since changing values, and challenge demographic the expectations, economy, social the through but also globalisation, through only not change, also must clearly social policy but timeless, is model social European the think to that prone often are We
success. to its critical is agreement of an timing The
its President, inhumanity, its cruelty, its for notorious becoming again once is Burma in power in military dictatorship the Mr despotism.
beginning. the at just We are
Europe Agreements of Ratification Subject:
Belarus. Ukraine or Balkans, Western the or Turkey instance for it be eastern south-eastern neighbourhood, and our in democracy and liberty of zone stable enhance a best we can how as to question neglect the reflection, existential ongoing our in not, should We
lives. normal enjoy and society of the mainstream join to opportunity the children the give would island this order, law and breakdown of the accompanying the Amidst chaos
dysfunctional and states. regimes dictatorial and with repressive dealing when adopted be tactics to the and destruction mass of weapons of proliferation the preventing of ways possible speaking, generally and, Iran common on strategy a Iraq, in building and state reconstruction the stabilisation, as topics cover such will It
life. of stages the early from priority a be must disease and obesity-related overweight- of problem health the public serious against fight The (PT) - in writing.
of TACIS and PHARE MEDA, the under projects on expenditure of control and supervision the also group is our to points interest of main the One programmes.
country. that in situation the to react to first the was Parliament the European that note not did you Algeria, for initiatives of talking the were you when Earlier,
historical lastly In and - result a as suffer will and cold be always will Sweden northern or Finland northern factors - climatic then -, Europe of the margins on be always will Greek islands the or Madeira enlargement, after even - disadvantages geographical firstly aspects: three cite to like I should context this factors.
noon. at tomorrow, Tuesday, place take will vote The
confrontation. ethnically-based and violent vile, by created were They were created. refugees those on which basis the forget not us Let
activities: three particular through in of development tourism, sustainable and a balanced of support the encourage which explicitly guidelines clear set has Commission the Structural Funds, in the available envelope financial the of % 90 over which represent programmes mainstream the For
aid. financial by EU covered be to requirements financial remaining the important for then It is
example. great set a and certified EMAS be could they unaware that are for example, councils, Town
These be must importance, independent of each which are parts, four coordinated.
The at being into come not therefore should treatment equal on all. directive
later. year a half be repeated then should It
Organisation. Trade World the to referred matter the being in results which third with countries dispute trade a may create it basis, scientific an adequate without checks carries out and products imported to requirements labelling and traceability applies unilaterally Union European if the Furthermore,
All problems handle such can biggest, very the not even country, European thread: no common one have problems and events these of alone.
Council. Agriculture the of President-in-Office Yates, Mr of attention the to matter draw this will I and regard this in Members honourable the to assistance of endeavour be to I will
However, Alstom help to calculated not is reacted yourself you have which in way the that say to also like would I either.
country. my in farmers for untenable may that become aspects two to point to like would I but report, Capoulas Santos voted the for I that confirm I
Nabucco. and Stream South between neutral is the Commission that ago, stated which week a Landaburu Mr reiterated by position, Commission's the like not do we way, and a in lacklustre and slowly too developed being is project The
so. do to failing are which and responsibilities, their meeting are Member States which out public finds the that so approach this pursue we can that hope I
aside. be pushed can that something as incidental, merely as OSCE the as such organisations regard not do that you interviews many in quite unequivocally stated have you Council, of the President-in-Office Mr Secondly,
been    has Rules of Procedure the of 131 and 130 Rules to pursuant April 7 of meeting its Presidents at of Conference the by up as drawn part-session present the for agenda the of version final The distributed.
142) (Rule statement Written
Improved still are they where build to fail not we should which motorways, by even and road by access needed.
handling. delicate needs return of right the clearly whilst Israeli settlements, by not peppered and viable contiguous and territorially be State must Palestinian future the that Commissioner with Patten agree I
my portfolio. in heavy very weigh Iran posed by challenges the conclusion, In
Fourthly, financial the importance to necessary the attach to need we sphere.
disadvantages. experience multiple however, to continue, States Member EU new the of regions Certain
losers. big Copenhagen's West, the from or East the from be whether they are, who of Europe the people of unanimous the opinion despite inevitable, now is accession Turkey's
We soon as as crimes terrorist for procedure extradition formal the replaces which and warrant arrest search European a have to Union the need the stress for to like would I regard this in and report, the Watson discussing now are possible.
trend. the been recently has as used, be computer should simulations only that acceptable is not It
period 1998–2002. the over made been have 12% could of order the of savings that studies show Case
This excellent an is idea.
Now political the resolve to have we questions.
agreement. cooperation third-generation this support will I that, despite However,
This been has which importance, utmost the of an instrument is lacking.
sufficient. but not significant, very is also police by the done work the that and happen, to going is says Frattini Mr that everything done, and have we that everything like are necessary, measures the think I that say to like also I would
States. Member the with lies of Roma integration for the responsibility primary the that all know We
moment. the greatly suffering at are fishermen, coastal fishermen, small-scale that true is It
Cyprus. Northern support of financial the Rothe regarding Mrs colleague my of report the vote on to are President, we Mr   
list. the struck off be must these and requirements, not fulfil companies do which exactly at carefully look must we companies, but reputable some with be familiar will fellow MEPs our French companies, reputable with some familiar be will You
your attention. for you Thank
of lives citizens. and health the for protection at greater aimed policies national of development further the stimulus for a suitable provide will opinion, my initiative, in this course Of
warming. global that to contribution least the making by despite global warning, affected most is continent the that truth bitter the recognise to need we Africa of case the In
learnt? not been lessons the Have
events. tragic suffered unspeakably century, last as recently that, as continent a on today, the world in unique is which historic experience, this learn from us Let
statements. make Commission to the for requests received two have I
energy taxes. dioxide and carbon of levels minimum as level EU at taxes such environment-related to opposition in acting is Government the Swedish that incomprehensible therefore It is
legislation. environmental on and acquis the on Community based merits, own its on analysed is project each fulfilled and be to requirements clear are There
Europe. across population right the ageing view of in important even more becomes health and services, health high-quality to importance great attach public European of the members Commissioner, all President, Madam (DE) - Affairs. Social and on Employment Committee the of opinion the of draftsman
However, evaluated being is the EU by measure every and from healed far are wounds the accordingly.
enterprise. in this engaged fully communities the fishing get us let and it cooperative make us Let
State. Member another of tax rate the in setting role a play to Member State other any or Ireland of right the not is It
concerned. parties the all of to provided is properly information that ensure to seek and mind this in bear it will interinstitutional negotiations the during and amendment the underlying concept the supports Commission the However,
funds. public for with paid be should security public that the of opinion am I personally, financing, to With regard
Council. European of direction the the influence can demands our that Parliamentarian, a as seen, have I that significant signs most the of one is declaration This
used. is it the way in improvement for potential is that and there challenges new to adapted be must Fund that Solidarity the argues which approach, rapporteur’s our warmly welcome I
think. like to might than deeper we far go must origin, in ethnic possibly tension, the that believe to me lead This does Commonwealth. the from exclusion in which resulted 1987 in one by preceded was It
consumers. the confusing thus slogan, advertising an used as being oil' 'olive designation the preventing at aimed is these of significant labelling. most The concerning measures of number proposes a addition, report the In
link. the on study the of cost contributing the half be will Commission progress, the facilitate To
nations. uniting just not and closer together people bringing on be based end the in must integration at efforts all European that kept emphasising who Monnet, Jean by saying well-known remember should the we opinion my in that say just me let conclusion, In
top those of activities the hindering accused of are that country host the of rules the criticises consistently and principle, origin country of the of basis the on services provide that businesses protects systematically very significantly, and insistently just referred Commissioner McCreevy has which to Justice, of Court European the of jurisprudence treaties current themselves, the of On businesses.
here? gained be may What insights
lives. costing is Inaction
However, within solidarity require that or themselves by manage cannot States Member the that projects in investments to comes it when role a strategic play can Europe. it
(debate) Ukraine
means. 'subsidiarity' what knows nobody and English in pronounce to difficult very is it because is much so word this like politicians some British why the reason view, my In
authorities. democratic s the country' by strengthening so do can only we but disintegration, of the signs tackle must We
postponement? this for ask do I Why
I Biological on Convention Nations United the within position ambitious an adopt continue to will EU the that hope the in this resolution, support therefore Diversity.
countries. own our in as much just applies That
I the of preparation the in input constructive his for Liberadzki, Mr rapporteur, the thank to like would report.
Indeed, and 1970s the different entirely from is today terrorism with deal to way the 80s.
presidency. Dutch the involved in be I even will July, in the conciliation and the trialogue for then, and months; six for presidency Irish the – go to two presidencies have still I
prevent. we must which gen-tech-free production, normal out elbow thus will biotechnology that predict to easy is all, After it
conflict. a to came it ever if case, a of legal means solve by anyway could we which it, something delegated to been has what beyond gone has the Commission whether examining to right Parliament's limit not does Commission the of text The
of Socrates. funding cut the to want we feedback positive this despite And
Minutes see declaration): (written the EU in programmes television all public-service of Subtitling
strengthened. be Union must enlarged the in cohesion and Community the within growth of forces the Secondly,
programmes. policy cohesion the of implementation the current improve to incentive strong a constitutes 2010 report strategic The
Mr are we what at look if we same, the Mauro: virtually Mr and Cohn-Bendit Mr Saryusz-Wolski, assessing.
ACP. the for option an very definitely is that something but issue, academic not an it is Commissioner, Therefore,
me. surprises which paradox, following highlight the would I
Government. Greek in State the of Secretary appointed been has Folias Christos Mr that informed been – have I   
author. this in parties right-wing the among hypocrisy massive a Venezuela, exposes in human rights about be to purporting resolution, this President, Madam - Parliament.
legal. be now will this USA, that so the in citizens European by transactions financial on information of provision the principles for so-called down laying by SWIFT scandal the legalise to prepared are that they admitted cynically also have they agreement; the from present differ not will there flying passengers of data personal of the transmission the on USA the with agreement new that the accepted only have not Commission the and Presidency German the of The representatives
year. decisive most a be indeed will 2002 enlargement, of terms In
your comments. to forward look and you thank I
schemes. the Posei of implementation with the gained experience light of the in and strengthened upon improved been has special treatment this and outermost region, each of reality the specific to tailored treatment special for policies provide supply and agricultural The
opportunities. and responsibilities both with it brings presidency The
Oomen-Ruijten. Mrs for a question have I President, Mr
Commissioner! you, from more hope for and expect I
1996. of challenge the main is That
laws. flexible labour on more and - sector private the development of the boosting thereby - contracts public and tenders on on privatisation, accent the placing by type to reverted has It
order. of a point for the floor has Pannella Mr
One the in shoots green of signs any are there whether to begin wonder does really economy.
energy infrastructure. of the area in projects their on information provide accurate States Member that ensure to is a resolution for this motion of aim The
welcomed. be to particularly however, is, states candidate with cooperation cultural and of academic announcement The
conditions; living their on impact serious lasting with and a disaster from suffered a has region in population the of majority when the circumstances exceptional in provided be should aid that and level, required the reach not serious, do however disasters, when even possible be must intervention Fund Solidarity hand, other the On
House. of the the will clear see would you then and vote, could we Perhaps
WTO! the in happens whatever 1999 March 3 by latest the at implement sanctions to Congress promised Administration American the case the bananas In
latter. the to acceptable more also institutions, and to national and Union the of citizens the transparent to more become must decisions adopting of system our and improved, be and strengthened to need relations Interinstitutional Treaty. Amsterdam the implement to measures the context of the within mind, in aims have three should July, in proposed comitology, on decision new of the approval the to prior conducted to be negotiations debate and the that earnest wish Commission's the is It
punishment? of kind any escape France in people and lorries goods, attack who those that then How come
2010. by the world in economy competitive more a acquire battle to its is losing Europe that concludes which report a submit about to is Commission the today that press international the in read I However,
reasons. technical for Switzerland include to which clearly needs Union, European of the whole the for least at control system, traffic single air a for call to right therefore is It
2002/2283(INI)). - 598 (COM(2002) policy development EC in actors non-state on of participation Committee Social and the and Economic Parliament the European and Council the to Commission the from Communication the on and Cooperation, Development on Committee the of behalf on Howitt, Mr by Richard (A5-0249/2003) report the is item next The
matter. criminal a primarily is always violence Gender-based
years. ten the over past fundamentally altered Europe has in market aviation the of structure the Still,
Council. Consumer April the at position a common for aiming are and directive the on first reading Parliament's European the await We
rights. human of conception universal truly a towards will progress we do and say we what adapting and our positions by balancing that believe I
act accordingly. and Balkans, the in its friends for market alternative an provide can it far how quickly at very look to needs Union European The
profitability. maximum achieve transport means of all that ensure to services and satisfactory users to guarantee way only the is that since others, to linked closely is that transport of means a as be seen to have The railways
stable situation. more budgetary a and payments of balance more sustainable a achieving at measures aimed supporting reform while economy, the faced by still vulnerability financial short-term the reduce help will which Georgia, to assistance financial in million 46 EUR of allocation the endorse I
take. should Community enlarged the of policy agricultural shape the what time good in establish to need now We
crucial. been has debate this to contribution your that believe I
visit. your for you We thank
quickly. as taking place not is decisions these of the application that see to worried we are year on, one because, this you of remind would I
disease. the of die will people million 2 nearly and cancer, develop will Europeans 3 million alone, 2010 In
study. this for support your welcome we and study, a have to Parliament, want you, that know already we barriers, question of the On
Rights. Fundamental of Charter the and of Treaty Lisbon the of challenges and solutions the context of the in especially increasing, is Ombudsman the of role the Mr President, (PL)
system. transport rail entire the eventually and transport goods rapid transport, trans-frontier regional of progressive interoperability the on notably position, common the in adopted and accepted were number amendments of A
Kong. Hong in parents from separated their are China mainland in born children whereby practice a employed China Recently, has
questions. fundamental three ask and programme, of your personal interpretation my to give like however, would, I
peace. years is forty for lasted now that has conflict this to solution only the that - all of important lesson most the learn can we whether see try to forward and look to or repeated be not that must mistakes regarding lessons learn to try to in order back look to the situation: at look to or ways opportunities two have we situation, forty-year this Given
toys. in agents softening from children of the health any to risk rule out to as way a such in Directive Toys the in down laid are values limit 2011, the in States the Member by all been transposed has Directive Toys the until that, ensure to the on call Commission we happen, not does this if Thirdly,
case. is the this why briefly to you explain to like would I
measures. maintenance income passive on used of is it Two-thirds
level. political highest the up to right enormous problem an is corruption this day, To
I applications of number by the amazed were we say must received.
been launched. already has which police East the Timorese and Nations United the by investigation joint the welcome We
labelled. be to having foods of % 90 to 80 % to widespread - becomes more biotechnology use of as the - not lead must it means that This be practicable. must requirement labelling the said always have we But
country its on magnitude this of disaster natural a with coping of capable is world in the No own.
closed. is debate The
fire. in colleagues the lost too They afterwards. services emergency the by shown courage the for praise and admiration my and accident expressing terrible this of victims the of families the to sympathies sincere my offering by begin like to should too Mr I President,
bodies. and institutions the EU against complaints investigate to being as defined clearly is Ombudsman European the of The role
then. and it now do all We
welfare. and development, employment more means it short, In
animals. for protection better for are calling consumers saying that keeps everyone and debate every out in wheeled are they that given again, once consumer organisations of interests controversial the address shall but I listen time to much have not Commissioner does the that pity great is a it think I
forward. step important an also sense a certain is in extradited be to able be government, will Belgian the by Belgians and government by Dutch the Dutchmen say, to that is own nationals, one's that fact The
regular. and are legal transactions underlying the that and reliable are 2009 financial the year for accounts annual the that reasonable assurances obtained has it that stated Auditors of Court The
enterprises. medium-sized and small involvement of and the creation job on immediate effect an with public investment, direct about talking are We
Even than further away seems Israel in peace Arafat, Mr Netanyahu and Mr between concluded Accord recently Wye the after ever.
What the regard to with suspicion talking about, was Fava Mr that suspicion of the culture is is this state.
time. deep the world’s of remnant unique this to protect made will be attempts real around this time hope I
responsibilities. of national principle the affect to little does communications international involve also of course may this fact The that
the Union. of the commitment and task the is effective: this and independent be must Court The
requirement. a such contains scheme The UK
this directive. of the urgency of conscious were Parliament in We
Union. European for is the union monetary a unsuitable how illustrates of discussion kind This
Milosevic. towards policy clear a require indeed That will
matter. this on possibly reflect should colleagues previous why my is which - self-determination own on its based choose to, it Union, should European the join to allowed be country should a Such
it. from far optimally - being used is it feel not do we because today, being used actually is scarce resource this how understand to is important really It
crime. organised and corruption that investigate organisations civil society NGOs and pressurising refrain from they that authorities state the from demand also we report, this that in glad crime, am I organised and corruption against fight the In
rapporteur. the support for my express to like would this, I saying In
The awaiting is and police the in to himself turned has perpetrator alleged trial.
face. we contradiction the highlight to like would Group Nations of Europe the But
document. the into look to allowed them we Obviously
I and child abduction combat to order in too, children for passports use to proposal the agree with trafficking.
situation. rights human the with and nuclear issue with the both deals text This
right. an absolute be cannot mobility that appreciate to have time we same at the But
terrorism. international with to deal others with working talked about also He
downwards. top the from responsibility - corporate actions their for responsibility take must types all of carriers all and vehicles other and lorries the own who companies the All
as indicated. amended EU-South agreement Africa the approve to urgently Council the asking resolution the against voted we Davos, in agreement draft signed the irresponsibly who those unlike people, specific of groups and voters represent we As
needs. it that support technical moral and with the it providing by new opportunity a government democratic this to offer duty our is It
   Council May 23 the at adopted then and and Parliament Council the of Services Legal the with in be will dealt and it today this issue discussed Coreper that told been have We meeting.
Brussels. in building Parliament European the at be held will aspects too, includes technical one that but debate, political a week, Next
ingredients. certain to reference makes labelling that understandable clear, food have we that consumers of interests in the is It eat. we what are we other words, In
companies. British haulage of said be could same The
it. back we will compromise, adequate a particularly means any by not is this if even that and citizens the eyes of the in and credible responsible be to ought we that saying merely am I it - want reject to I that saying not am I because down, calm Martin, no - better is that it obvious is it that, said Having
criteria. observes the everyone that important is it and essential, is market the internal Fourth: deepening
another. against inconceivable evil perpetrates person when one namely terrorism, of kind one only that is there is truth simple the Nevertheless,
action. isolated an not It is
channels. financial through sphere legal enter the crime, organized of forms all like mafia, The
seen. has one no date to which studies feasibility unquestionable and definite the show to Commission urges the which asking question an oral today, concern express to House this reasonable quite for is it circumstances, these In
message. the Bangemann gets Mr that hope I
flag. under its sail which tankers oil the rigorously monitors country this that ensure to used be Union must European the to accession s Malta' on negotiations of current process the regard, this In
of that? take report interim Commission’s does the view What
market. internal the praises of the sings it that way the in unbalanced is euro and of the assessment casually optimistic a makes It
However, important. it is inclusion, then social as such principle EU core a realise to help would imposition that when indeed
overtime. 48 hours, including exceed not should week working maximum Firstly, the
members. dynamic produce new and goods consume provide labour, they development: of heart at the are Families
rejected. all proposals were five The
what does. it of existence and its of people inform should EU the how not is This
fail. procedure to of type for this possible is it that fact the conceals 'simplified procedure' term The
EU. the for to accession priority highest has the expression, of freedom and religion of freedom especially rights, with fundamental compliance that of emphasising tires never Brussels
that? on specific more a little be he Could
area. safe a not exactly is it says me, to which, helmets, jackets and flak back wearing sent were returned been have that those of some Indeed,
taken. be action can then relevant directive, within the come and attention my to brought are issues such If
(Applause)
fund. structural the use to options legal its of limits the needs, within these to respond to its power in all do will - afternoon this speakers the answering all am I that I believe and Commission - The
board. on take to have democrats, as we, challenge that the is that future; the for the challenge is That
Water.
in Georgia. peace is that there ensure and peace restore must We
adopted. been already have that norms Market Single implementation of First, ensuring
The to regard due paying principled basis, non-discriminatory and a on done be this must that accept do reports proportionality.
cardiovascular The disorders neurodegenerative or regarding those namely products, medicinal of classes lucrative most the retained part, their for have, authorities national the but funding, its ensure to activity its of sphere enlarged sufficiently has London Agency diseases.
succeeded. has time it This
Beijing. in into entered commitments the of renegotiation to a lead way in no should process review 2000 the that think also We
I working the Council replies to their in sent have Member States that the week past the over reporting been have the newspapers since especially information, more provide cannot Council the sorry that am too group.
be. may it though uncontroversial report, this endorse cannot I and why eurosceptic become a have I That why is Union. the of nations of the identity and survival interests, to the harmful actually often is Europe that think me make which this like is examples It
Cyprus. of complete island the across terms membership the apply to seeking in proactive been have Council the Commission and the proper that and right is It
result possible. made today’s and together all brought us has speeches, making than rather action taking habit of working, his of way his professionalism, his experience, His
law. EU or national violate not does details bank of their the transfer that confident be to able be must citizens European
protection. climate or environmental about thinking to be going not are you survival, for struggle daily face a you If
tonne. one to right up 10 kilograms limit of a lower from registered be should that chemicals propose to indeed, on, going registration, rigorous for calling of point particular made a has but it clear, be should REACH that idea the endorsed it only has Not
1995. and 1990 between % 11 to % 9.6 rose unemployment from of rate average the In Europe,
corporations. transnational powerful of benefit the for is arrangement new this reality, in but, producers, banana America Latin with agreed for bananas reductions new the tariff on congratulates itself Commission the cooperation, development On financing
One Union's European external the of effective control is immigration illegal against struggle the of aspects important most the of borders.
dangers. extremely serious poses directive this reason, this For
products. seal trade in ban a proposal for Market Committee's Internal back the to vote tomorrow will Parliament that hope I
enough. not are they but tools, and judicial use police to need We
Twenty-five forget not to ought colleagues German our and Wall, Berlin the from stone first the removed movement Solidarity Polish ago, the this. years
points. two make to like I would President, Mr
status. democratic their and will their political representing for and citizens s Europe' of the interests for protecting excellence par the be forum must Parliament European the most important: be to consider currently Europe of people the which issue the address they that hope we and 2002, budget for proposed the of evaluation the guide to order in concise and clear be discussing to attempt are now we guidelines that s proposed Budget' Committee on the Commissioner, President, Mr
passengers. air and of rail those to similar rights should enjoy passengers and coach Bus
affairs. of state this for reasons also demographic There are
Commission. the of behalf on floor the has Wallström Mrs
Western the Balkans. in role important an played traditionally has Serbia
kind. this of incidents uncovers when adjustments it financial sanctions and applying instruments for of possession in be future in should Commission the that extremely important be to it consider I therefore
States. Member the in harm alcohol-related to reduce EU the by taken be that should measures detail the in report describes The
Faced was directive this of any criticism that deny and back shrink to inclined almost one is argument, substantial an so with intended.
That than it to nothing more is there and settled, been has that.
is. energy taxation on issue of the important how have, others as stress, like to would I Secondly,
third. by a reduced is for levels critical vegetation of excess in load ozone the where thirds, and two by reduced is health affects that load the ozone where halved, be will exceeded are loads acidification critical the where which at areas point a get to to us help should targets interim These
and fair. democratic, free presidential are elections and parliamentary future that rights, so human defend and parties political establish society, civil strengthen to needed is Support
met. justly are demands your until so to do continue will we and you with stand we Tonight,
health. human and concerning public those – i.e. scope its fall outside amendments that those directive this text of the into to introduce inappropriate feel it preparedness, we pandemic improving to regard with Parliament the European of input the to, responding are and accept, and measures these are taking we Although
role. important an women play too, here that, signal very clear a sending thereby areas, rural and agriculture in women role of the on the report adopted has today Parliament that a thing good also is it Therefore,
Process. of the Lisbon objectives the innovation and of terms in scale, global a on even field, the of ahead well ourselves establish shall report, the we in proposing are we do everything we if for innovation, of source a is also It
point. same the exactly is President, it Mr
scale. global a on case the always been not That has
commitments. its fulfil not does industry car the if considered be will emissions carbon dioxide limits for the concerning legislation that out pointed occasions, of a number on has, the Commission cars, private from emissions dioxide carbon reducing for made, being of the in process are or made, been already have as agreements such to comes When it
I of Democratic Republic the government of new the with relations establish constructive to Union European the of intention expressed the have Council Affairs General the summit and Amsterdam the that you will remind Congo.
this regulation. of part board as on taken be they cannot very regretfully, so, for and provide may regulation this what beyond far go they sense that the in noteworthy are they instances in many that I note amendments, other the Regarding
Luxembourg). in 1997 November 21 and 20 on held be to employment on summit Council for European preparation the (in 1998 for guidelines policy employment Member States' on communication Commission is a item next The
C4-0661/97-97/0265(CNS)). - (COM(97)0486 Union the European within moving persons self-employed and employed of rights pension supplementary the safeguarding Directive on Council for a proposal the on Social Affairs, and Employment on of Committee the behalf on Ettl, Mr by report the (A4-0134/98) is next item The
cooperation. specific this reconsider to Russia to request American was an there therefore month this of beginning the At
Investment Bank. European the from information accessible publicly such request to Commission European the on call I
existence. into weapons come not these ensure do work to Government's Scottish the support fully I and weapons nuclear of generation new a build to plans government's London the rejects Scotland
opportunity. earliest the at leave should we and joined have never should we that to me privately admitted have many people how remarkable been has it year, last here arrived I Since
respect. this stage in decisive a be considered to Process is Association and Stabilisation The
cultural and . political economic, constitutional, the with convergence and international law for respect Turkey of demand Europe of The citizens
rain. torrential of days with alternate days parched dry round, All year
Even its of of some content the to regard with and running, day-to-day its to comes when it alienation of sense is a there that true that also nonetheless is it EU, of the spirit the of essence to the close feel Europe’s citizens of majority vast the that true is it if texts.
state. the social of mission the competition with of rule the of compatibility the accept we if resolution a be balanced will resolution Our
place. first the in up go not did it better if much be would it case this In
programme. specific a on based be must and term, long the also but present, on the only not focus needs to This
departure. of point the at duty-free make purchases to stopover, a who have but Community, the outside is final destination whose enables travellers This amendment fundamental. is tabled have I which amendments two the of second that the consider We therefore
is and interests our line with in is - policy defence our also and - policy security and foreign that ensure this disposal to our at means the all use need to we Instead, policy. security and foreign common our consolidated yet have not we that regret and hands our wring to us for enough therefore not It responsibilities.
transparent. completely not is this directive Unfortunately
fear. to anything having guns big the of any without takes place this that remember should We
clause. bridging a introduce proposing to are We
inhabitants. its and EU the for conditions better can create policy structural designed a Now correctly
This very me makes nevertheless situation apprehensive.
proposals. make to us for waiting are you enough, that aggressive is not Commission the that me today be telling seriously cannot You
effort. mine-clearance of the way in more do needs to it Finally,
The this. examples many the of one as stands terrorism international against fight common the partnership, and close a developed Union have European the and Russian Federation of
production. organic in use for strictly banned remain derivatives and their GMOs
Applause
problem. this with deal to necessary than wider are areas that in States Member over power exercise would that bodies Union European creation of the to object However, I
leaders. the by Albanian denounced be also must acts criminal These
It January later on 1 year a begin to programme another for only 1999, January 1 on finish were to Kaleidoscope and Ariane if pity great a therefore be would 2000.
Erasmus Leonardo. and Comenius, programmes: of three part as people young 280 000 funding is Europe 2005-2006, In
area. research valid European a developing of project impressive Commission's the add to These
In the in rules common binding also but voluntary not only need that we believe course, I of rapporteur, the to contrast EU.
To the against insurance permanent textile industry’s the be remit to subsidy policy’s protection and European any of part no is it but omission, their good make chance to final giving a are we markets the global on the new with to terms come far so not have that businesses those future.
life. throughout learning for the basis constitute also they that and acquisition, for language and personal development, and emotional to as well development, as physical and sensory cognitive, crucial to are years childhood the early that which recognises child-centred approach a is This
Mr to known fact clear very a on based request is our President, everyone.
The too is remedy it before we must which over-regulation, of sea a in decline gradual EU's the to contrast sharp in are free-enterprise economy its of long-term prospects healthy late.
realistic. little more a be should we that say would we contrary, On the
Kurds. the for tragedy real the is that and Kurdish independence, of destabilization the for responsibility a bear heavy parties both leadership of The
Parliament, to expressed they the interests respecting of terms in ally closest their is perhaps institution, an as Indeed me.
globalisation. of neo-liberal running smooth the for necessary 'adjustments' as be simply regarded should by European workers experienced tragedies human and social the that reasoning the denounce vigorously we However,
themselves. crime of type this effectively combat to transit or origin of countries the in authorities the of the ability increasing as well as trafficking, of forms all immigration on and legal of possibilities the campaigns real on awareness-raising to developing regard with undertaken be also be could action specific More
agenda. the be on issue placed to an is this not or whether out finding of substance but the on voting of question a not is Pack, it Mrs right, Quite Mrs Pack) by (Interruption
it! use would it only if of initiative, right the Commission has the Luckily
such. as treated to be deserves and NATO partner in our is It
instrument. financial this of nature exceptional and the aims pursued the of integrity the assistance, the implementation of effective the safeguard to important it it considers time same at but the rejected, amendments the of many in expressed concerns the shares also It
Social and Affairs. Employment on Committee the in report draft the of in favour vote majority a large to led which group, my by forward put the arguments open-mindedness about showed has she compromises, the of the negotiation During
compromise proposals? present final to some time more like you would or adopted, has just House the that amendments the all accept intend to you do asked: has already colleague honourable my that Frattini Vice-President question to a repeat shall I President, Mr
reservation system. computerised the in bargain offers genuine non-discriminatory, on rely to able be part must their for which agencies, their travel rely on to continue will consumers of majority the Internet, the on or the airlines with tickets directly their reserve fact in do travellers and more more if Even
representative. Council the thank like to too would I gentlemen, and ladies President, Mr - (IT) Commission. the Vice-President of
Moscow in children Street
When our of least the is protection data conventions, inadequate aforesaid the with associated problems the to comes it worries.
infrastructure. clapped-out the in competition of lack with primarily the these lay for blame the that been have would 2003 in Italy in cuts power from the to draw right conclusion The
Europe. effective genuinely and democratic exciting, an need urgently we period this new and in democrats bold We need
problem. transnational a is layer of ozone the destruction The
problems. the of causes the do about nothing also and would facing are they problems the acute to alleviate be able hardly would credit external favourable this states, euro area several to Union loan of a means by example, for terms, favourable on money obtain union to the monetary in problems greatest economic the with countries the help could we Although
Union. European the join to chance Europe the Eastern and Central of countries the offered Council Copenhagen European the 1993, In
illegally. Union European the to trying enter nationals of third-country numbers large of points border arrival external at the to due especially pressure, and urgent of exceptional situation a facing State Member requesting a time to of period limited a for assistance rapid operational of the provision for mechanism a establishes Regulation The
elsewhere. lies reality, in problem, the when set up to enterprise colossal be a It would s office. prosecutor' public a European establishing against voted have We
quality. their in an increase to or sector, this in jobs of number the in increase an led to has liberalisation that indicated so far not has countries in those Experience
ones. complete more new, present and proposals the withdraw to Commission the requiring initiative this in rapporteur the support I reasons, these all For
In with immediate wholesale lifted be could sanctions the case, that effect.
horizons. legal unprecedented opening up thus and operators different the market for the access to of the possibility measure, protection protecting competition a as this time at is emerging digital platforms, the via broadcast data the access to users for the possibility of protection general aim is its although which, systems of interoperability the on focus be great also should there that would argue I Moreover,
remains. of mortal the transfer on restrictions contest people to of movement the free of principle the apply to possible legally is it that doubts the Commission issues On those
European Parliament. the of control inadequate the only then and years, five least at for any control replacement providing without of immigration, field the in powers making decision all parliaments national remove the from Amsterdam will by provided Treaty EC the of new IV Title the that remind you I may example, For
of Rome. Treaties the to their signatures put parties warring former War, the World Second the after years Twelve
If compromise the in it exists not or whether opinion over of difference is a there to which regard with text agreed an part of the the vote to put also can I objections, no are there text.
counterparts. American our with issues important certain discuss opportunity to excellent an March, was in took part Frattini Vice-President and Mate Mr which in ministerial Troika, security' and freedom 'justice, Union-United European States the gentlemen, and ladies Minister, (FR) - the of Commission. Vice-President
disputes! of settlement the for mechanism the improve to possible is It clearly
years? few next over the away frittered be will investments that their knowledge the in regions, money the to allocate to enough crazy governments are there that believe you Do
too. programme into the Parliament European the proposal from this incorporate to Commission the I and ask priority, utmost the of a matter are Parliament European the proposed by parliamentary conference and assembly WTO that the believe I why reason another is which marketplace, global the in Europe of behalf on successfully operating be SMEs should These
be. could impact the what of idea an get to in order eight by approximately million 146 EUR those to multiply You need
have will priorities actual its and what be like, in will bring to wants Commissioner Verheugen that framework new the past, what the in on decided what was above and over terms happening practical in actually is now what asked being constantly are we that is thing only the one; will be there that believe I and SMEs, for framework new a be will there that promise the heard We be.
Europe. of part not geographically is Turkey of Most
The the States of Member 25 the be will of what territories the across coherently more projects implement and develop to and arrangements present of the the problems overcome to is centre the new of aim EU.
Europeans. of young health the in invest to us for effective way is an scheme this for funding Supporting
years. five every drawn up be report one single that proposing is Commission the told us, just Commissioner has the as Now,
completed. be must employment promote to centres of establishment the Thirdly,
agencies. executive those concerning Parliament European the and Commission arrangements between the in improvements any further trialogue, during the said we as including, Parliament, European the with issue the to discussing open Commission is The
House? this from demanding of tire Kinnock never Mr colleague and your you which and cooperation trust the this is Schreyer, Mrs you, ask I
Madam market through normal credit get to able not are who can people help loans small and micro-credits gentlemen, and ladies Commissioner, President, mechanisms.
model. the Marburg in is case the as such system, heating a replacing or building extension an works, reroofing out carrying house, a building when panels install solar to obligation no be must There
them. to special attention devote must social we sensitivity, with community a be to wish we that Given
It at district whole a put way that in and ground it in the bury to instead chose but waste poisonous with its deal to manage did not which company a concerned risk.
kind? of this report a have we would Why else
today. Chamber this here in subject the on voiced be will that opinions the and course, of position, Parliament's account taking into it, of favour in vote we and will Council meeting next the vote at the put to be will recommendation Commission this principle, in and, Coreper within studied been closely mandate has draft Commissioner's The
them. supports and understands European the family that feel to need people Russian The
I for mini-Marshall Plan even a perhaps plan, aid economic huge a as such option, alternative an propose quickly to needs also Union European the that Moldova. believe
Mr are rules that the yourself say you and rapporteur the both regret that very much I Procedure, of Rules our of 163 Rule with connection in President, strange.
report. the of favour in therefore voted have I
EU borders. of enlargement eastward the of context in the cohesion, especially territorial for EU essential region is Atlantic the for a strategy because resolution this for voting am I
providers. service monitoring issue of the is there Thirdly,
area. the Toulouse in plants of these establishment the against fought have we for years and happen would disaster a that afraid been have we years For accident. risks of warning about been have we years For
